1	mrs. bennet	my dear mr. bennet , [ x ] have you heard that netherfield park is let at last ?
1	mrs. bennet	but it is , [ x ] for mrs. long has just been here , and she told me all about it .
1	mrs. bennet	do not you want to know who has taken it ?
1	mr. bennet	_ you _ want to tell me , and i have no objection to hearing it .
1	mrs. bennet	why , my dear , you must know , mrs. long says that netherfield is taken by a young man of large fortune from the north of england ; that he came down on monday in a chaise and four to see the place , and was so much delighted with it that he agreed with mr. morris immediately ; that he is to take possession before michaelmas , and some of his servants are to be in the house by the end of next week .
1	mr. bennet	what is his name ?
1	mrs. bennet	bingley .
1	mr. bennet	is he married or single ?
1	mrs. bennet	oh ! single , my dear , to be sure ! a single man of large fortune ; four or five thousand a year . what a fine thing for our girls !
1	mr. bennet	how so ? how can it affect them ?
1	mrs. bennet	my dear mr. bennet , [ x ] how can you be so tiresome ! you must know that i am thinking of his marrying one of them .
1	mr. bennet	is that his design in settling here ?
1	mrs. bennet	design ! nonsense , how can you talk so ! but it is very likely that he _ may _ fall in love with one of them , and therefore you must visit him as soon as he comes .
1	mr. bennet	i see no occasion for that . you and the girls may go , or you may send them by themselves , which perhaps will be still better ; for , as you are as handsome as any of them , mr. bingley might like you the best of the party .
1	mrs. bennet	my dear , you flatter me . i certainly _ have _ had my share of beauty , but i do not pretend to be any thing extraordinary now . when a woman has five grown up daughters , she ought to give over thinking of her own beauty .
1	mr. bennet	in such cases , a woman has not often much beauty to think of .
1	mrs. bennet	but , my dear , you must indeed go and see mr. bingley when he comes into the neighbourhood .
1	mr. bennet	it is more than i engage for , i assure you .
1	mrs. bennet	but consider your daughters . only think what an establishment it would be for one of them . sir william and lady lucas are determined to go , merely on that account , for in general , you know they visit no new comers . indeed you must go , for it will be impossible for us to visit him , if you do not .
1	mr. bennet	you are over-scrupulous , surely . i dare say mr. bingley will be very glad to see you ; and i will send a few lines by you to assure him of my hearty consent to his marrying which ever he chuses of the girls ; though i must throw in a good word for my little lizzy .
1	mrs. bennet	i desire you will do no such thing . lizzy is not a bit better than the others ; and i am sure she is not half so handsome as jane , nor half so good humoured as lydia . but you are always giving _ her _ the preference .
1	mr. bennet	they have none of them much to recommend them , [ x ] they are all silly and ignorant like other girls ; but lizzy has something more of quickness than her sisters .
1	mrs. bennet	mr. bennet , how can you abuse your own children in such way ? you take delight in vexing me . you have no compassion on my poor nerves .
1	mr. bennet	you mistake me , my dear . i have a high respect for your nerves . they are my old friends . i have heard you mention them with consideration these twenty years at least .
1	mrs. bennet	ah ! you do not know what i suffer .
1	mr. bennet	but i hope you will get over it , and live to see many young men of four thousand a year come into the neighbourhood .
1	mrs. bennet	it will be no use to us if twenty such should come , since you will not visit them .
1	mr. bennet	depend upon it , my dear , that when there are twenty i will visit them all .
2	mr. bennet	i hope mr. bingley will like it , lizzy .
2	mrs. bennet	we are not in a way to know _ what _ mr. bingley likes , [ x ] since we are not to visit .
2	elizabeth bennet	but you forget , mama , [ x ] that we shall meet him at the assemblies , and that mrs. long has promised to introduce him .
2	mrs. bennet	i do not believe mrs. long will do any such thing . she has two nieces of her own . she is a selfish , hypocritical woman , and i have no opinion of her .
2	mr. bennet	no more have i , [ x ] and i am glad to find that you do not depend on her serving you .
2	mrs. bennet	do n't keep coughing so , kitty , for heaven 's sake ! have a little compassion on my nerves . you tear them to pieces .
2	mr. bennet	kitty has no discretion in her coughs , [ x ] she times them ill .
2	kitty bennet	i do not cough for my own amusement ,
2	mrs. bennet	when is your next ball to be , lizzy ?
2	kitty bennet	to-morrow fortnight .
2	mrs. bennet	aye , so it is , [ x ] and mrs. long does not come back till the day before ; so it will be impossible for her to introduce him , for she will not know him herself .
2	mr. bennet	then , my dear , you may have the advantage of your friend , and introduce mr. bingley to _ her _ .
2	mrs. bennet	impossible , mr. bennet , impossible , when i am not acquainted with him myself ; how can you be so teazing ?
2	mr. bennet	i honour your circumspection . a fortnight 's acquaintance is certainly very little . one can not know what a man really is by the end of a fortnight . but if we do not venture , somebody else will ; and after all , mrs. long and her nieces must stand their chance ; and therefore , as she will think it an act of kindness , if you decline the office , i will take it on myself .
2	mrs. bennet	nonsense , nonsense !
2	mr. bennet	what can be the meaning of that emphatic exclamation ? [ x ] do you consider the forms of introduction , and the stress that is laid on them , as nonsense ? i can not quite agree with you _ there _ . what say you , mary ? for you are a young lady of deep reflection i know , and read great books , and make extracts .
2	mr. bennet	while mary is adjusting her ideas , [ x ] let us return to mr. bingley .
2	mrs. bennet	i am sick of mr. bingley ,
2	mr. bennet	i am sorry to hear _ that _ ; but why did not you tell me so before ? if i had known as much this morning , i certainly would not have called on him . it is very unlucky ; but as i have actually paid the visit , we can not escape the acquaintance now .
2	mrs. bennet	how good it was in you , my dear mr. bennet ! but i knew i should persuade you at last . i was sure you loved our girls too well to neglect such an acquaintance . well , how pleased i am ! and it is such a good joke , too , that you should have gone this morning , and never said a word about it till now .
2	mr. bennet	now , kitty , you may cough as much as you chuse ,
2	mrs. bennet	what an excellent father you have , girls , [ x ] i do not know how you will ever make him amends for his kindness ; or me either , for that matter . at our time of life , it is not so pleasant i can tell you , to be making new acquaintance every day ; but for your sakes , we would do any thing . lydia , my love , though you _ are _ the youngest , i dare say mr. bingley will dance with you at the next ball .
2	lydia bennet	oh ! [ x ] i am not afraid ; for though i _ am _ the youngest , i 'm the tallest .
3	mrs. bennet	if i can but see one of my daughters happily settled at netherfield , [ x ] and all the others equally well married , i shall have nothing to wish for .
3	mr. bingley	come , darcy , [ x ] i must have you dance . i hate to see you standing about by yourself in this stupid manner . you had much better dance .
3	mr. darcy	i certainly shall not . you know how i detest it , unless i am particularly acquainted with my partner . at such an assembly as this , it would be insupportable . your sisters are engaged , and there is not another woman in the room whom it would not be a punishment to me to stand up with .
3	mr. bingley	i would not be so fastidious as you are , [ x ] for a kingdom ! upon my honour i never met with so many pleasant girls in my life , as i have this evening ; and there are several of them , you see , uncommonly pretty .
3	mr. darcy	_ you _ are dancing with the only handsome girl in the room ,
3	mr. bingley	oh ! she is the most beautiful creature i ever beheld ! but there is one of her sisters sitting down just behind you , who is very pretty , and i dare say very agreeable . do let me ask my partner to introduce you .
3	mr. darcy	which do you mean ? [ x ] she is tolerable ; but not handsome enough to tempt _ me _ ; and i am in no humour at present to give consequence to young ladies who are slighted by other men . you had better return to your partner and enjoy her smiles , for you are wasting your time with me .
3	mrs. bennet	oh ! my dear mr. bennet , [ x ] we have had a most delightful evening , a most excellent ball . i wish you had been there . jane was so admired , nothing could be like it . every body said how well she looked ; and mr. bingley thought her quite beautiful , and danced with her twice . only think of _ that _ my dear ; he actually danced with her twice ; and she was the only creature in the room that he asked a second time . first of all , he asked miss lucas . i was so vexed to see him stand up with her ; but , however , he did not admire her at all : indeed , nobody can , you know ; and he seemed quite struck with jane as she was going down the dance . so , he enquired who she was , and got introduced , and asked her for the two next . then , the two third he danced with miss king , and the two fourth with maria lucas , and the two fifth with jane again , and the two sixth with lizzy , and the boulanger --
3	mr. bennet	if he had had any compassion for _ me _ , [ x ] he would not have danced half so much ! for god 's sake , say no more of his partners . oh ! that he had sprained his ancle in the first dance !
3	mrs. bennet	oh ! my dear , [ x ] i am quite delighted with him . he is so excessively handsome ! and his sisters are charming women . i never in my life saw any thing more elegant than their dresses . i dare say the lace upon mrs. hurst 's gown --
3	mrs. bennet	but i can assure you , [ x ] that lizzy does not lose much by not suiting _ his _ fancy ; for he is a most disagreeable , horrid man , not at all worth pleasing . so high and so conceited that there was no enduring him ! he walked here , and he walked there , fancying himself so very great ! not handsome enough to dance with ! i wish you had been there , my dear , to have given him one of your set downs . i quite detest the man .
4	jane bennet	he is just what a young man ought to be , [ x ] sensible , good humoured , lively ; and i never saw such happy manners ! -- so much ease , with such perfect good breeding !
4	elizabeth bennet	he is also handsome , [ x ] which a young man ought likewise to be , if he possibly can . his character is thereby complete .
4	jane bennet	i was very much flattered by his asking me to dance a second time . i did not expect such a compliment .
4	elizabeth bennet	did not you ? _ i _ did for you . but that is one great difference between us . compliments always take _ you _ by surprise , and _ me _ never . what could be more natural than his asking you again ? he could not help seeing that you were about five times as pretty as every other woman in the room . no thanks to his gallantry for that . well , he certainly is very agreeable , and i give you leave to like him . you have liked many a stupider person .
4	jane bennet	dear lizzy !
4	elizabeth bennet	oh ! you are a great deal too apt , you know , to like people in general . you never see a fault in any body . all the world are good and agreeable in your eyes . i never heard you speak ill of a human being in my life .
4	jane bennet	i would wish not to be hasty in censuring any one ; but i always speak what i think .
4	elizabeth bennet	i know you do ; and it is _ that _ which makes the wonder . with _ your _ good sense , to be honestly blind to the follies and nonsense of others ! affectation of candour is common enough ; -- one meets it every where . but to be candid without ostentation or design -- to take the good of every body 's character and make it still better , and say nothing of the bad -- belongs to you alone . and so , you like this man 's sisters too , do you ? their manners are not equal to his .
4	jane bennet	certainly not ; at first . but they are very pleasing women when you converse with them . miss bingley is to live with her brother and keep his house ; and i am much mistaken if we shall not find a very charming neighbour in her .
5	mrs. bennet	_ you _ began the evening well , charlotte , [ x ] you were mr. bingley 's first choice .
5	charlotte	yes ; -- but he seemed to like his second better .
5	mrs. bennet	oh ! -- you mean jane , i suppose -- because he danced with her twice . to be sure that _ did _ seem as if he admired her -- indeed i rather believe he _ did _ -- i heard something about it -- but i hardly know what -- something about mr. robinson .
5	charlotte	perhaps you mean what i overheard between him and mr. robinson ; did not i mention it to you ? mr. robinson 's asking him how he liked our meryton assemblies , and whether he did not think there were a great many pretty women in the room , and _ which _ he thought the prettiest ? and his answering immediately to the last question -- " oh ! the eldest miss bennet beyond a doubt , there can not be two opinions on that point . "
5	mrs. bennet	upon my word ! -- well , that was very decided indeed -- that does seem as if -- but , however , it may all come to nothing , you know .
5	charlotte	_ my _ overhearings were more to the purpose than _ yours _ , eliza , [ x ] mr. darcy is not so well worth listening to as his friend , is he ? -- poor eliza ! -- to be only just _ tolerable _ .
5	mrs. bennet	i beg you would not put it into lizzy 's head to be vexed by his ill-treatment ; for he is such a disagreeable man that it would be quite a misfortune to be liked by him . mrs. long told me last night that he sat close to her for half an hour without once opening his lips .
5	jane bennet	are you quite sure , ma'am ? -- is not there a little mistake ? [ x ] i certainly saw mr. darcy speaking to her .
5	mrs. bennet	aye -- because she asked him at last how he liked netherfield , and he could not help answering her ; -- but she said he seemed very angry at being spoke to .
5	jane bennet	miss bingley told me , [ x ] that he never speaks much unless among his intimate acquaintance . with _ them _ he is remarkably agreeable .
5	mrs. bennet	i do not believe a word of it , my dear . if he had been so very agreeable , he would have talked to mrs. long . but i can guess how it was ; every body says that he is ate up with pride , and i dare say he had heard somehow that mrs. long does not keep a carriage , and had come to the ball in a hack chaise .
5	charlotte	i do not mind his not talking to mrs. long , [ x ] but i wish he had danced with eliza .
5	mrs. bennet	another time , lizzy , [ x ] i would not dance with _ him _ , if i were you .
5	elizabeth bennet	i believe , ma'am , i may safely promise you _ never _ to dance with him .
5	charlotte	his pride , [ x ] does not offend _ me _ so much as pride often does , because there is an excuse for it . one can not wonder that so very fine a young man , with family , fortune , every thing in his favour , should think highly of himself . if i may so express it , he has a _ right _ to be proud .
5	elizabeth bennet	that is very true , [ x ] and i could easily forgive _ his _ pride , if he had not mortified _ mine _ .
5	mary bennet	pride , [ x ] is a very common failing i believe . by all that i have ever read , i am convinced that it is very common indeed , that human nature is particularly prone to it , and that there are very few of us who do not cherish a feeling of self-complacency on the score of some quality or other , real or imaginary . vanity and pride are different things , though the words are often used synonimously . a person may be proud without being vain . pride relates more to our opinion of ourselves , vanity to what we would have others think of us .
5	young male lucas	if i were as rich as mr. darcy , [ x ] i should not care how proud i was . i would keep a pack of foxhounds , and drink a bottle of wine every day .
5	mrs. bennet	then you would drink a great deal more than you ought , [ x ] and if i were to see you at it , i should take away your bottle directly .
6	charlotte	it may perhaps be pleasant , [ x ] to be able to impose on the public in such a case ; but it is sometimes a disadvantage to be so very guarded . if a woman conceals her affection with the same skill from the object of it , she may lose the opportunity of fixing him ; and it will then be but poor consolation to believe the world equally in the dark . there is so much of gratitude or vanity in almost every attachment , that it is not safe to leave any to itself . we can all _ begin _ freely -- a slight preference is natural enough ; but there are very few of us who have heart enough to be really in love without encouragement . in nine cases out of ten , a woman had better shew _ more _ affection than she feels . bingley likes your sister undoubtedly ; but he may never do more than like her , if she does not help him on .
6	elizabeth bennet	but she does help him on , as much as her nature will allow . if _ i _ can perceive her regard for him , he must be a simpleton indeed not to discover it too .
6	charlotte	remember , eliza , that he does not know jane 's disposition as you do .
6	elizabeth bennet	but if a woman is partial to a man , and does not endeavour to conceal it , he must find it out .
6	charlotte	perhaps he must , if he sees enough of her . but though bingley and jane meet tolerably often , it is never for many hours together ; and as they always see each other in large mixed parties , it is impossible that every moment should be employed in conversing together . jane should therefore make the most of every half hour in which she can command his attention . when she is secure of him , there will be leisure for falling in love as much as she chuses .
6	elizabeth bennet	your plan is a good one , [ x ] where nothing is in question but the desire of being well married ; and if i were determined to get a rich husband , or any husband , i dare say i should adopt it . but these are not jane 's feelings ; she is not acting by design . as yet , she can not even be certain of the degree of her own regard , nor of its reasonableness . she has known him only a fortnight . she danced four dances with him at meryton ; she saw him one morning at his own house , and has since dined in company with him four times . this is not quite enough to make her understand his character .
6	charlotte	not as you represent it . had she merely _ dined _ with him , she might only have discovered whether he had a good appetite ; but you must remember that four evenings have been also spent together -- and four evenings may do a great deal .
6	elizabeth bennet	yes ; these four evenings have enabled them to ascertain that they both like vingt-un better than commerce ; but with respect to any other leading characteristic , i do not imagine that much has been unfolded .
6	charlotte	well , [ x ] i wish jane success with all my heart ; and if she were married to him to-morrow , i should think she had as good a chance of happiness as if she were to be studying his character for a twelvemonth . happiness in marriage is entirely a matter of chance . if the dispositions of the parties are ever so well known to each other , or ever so similar before-hand , it does not advance their felicity in the least . they always contrive to grow sufficiently unlike afterwards to have their share of vexation ; and it is better to know as little as possible of the defects of the person with whom you are to pass your life .
6	elizabeth bennet	you make me laugh , charlotte ; but it is not sound . you know it is not sound , and that you would never act in this way yourself .
6	elizabeth bennet	what does mr. darcy mean , [ x ] by listening to my conversation with colonel forster ?
6	charlotte	that is a question which mr. darcy only can answer .
6	elizabeth bennet	but if he does it any more , i shall certainly let him know that i see what he is about . he has a very satirical eye , and if i do not begin by being impertinent myself , i shall soon grow afraid of him .
6	elizabeth bennet	did not you think , mr. darcy , that i expressed myself uncommonly well just now , when i was teazing colonel forster to give us a ball at meryton ?
6	mr. darcy	with great energy ; -- but it is a subject which always makes a lady energetic .
6	elizabeth bennet	you are severe on us .
6	charlotte	it will be _ her _ turn soon to be teazed , [ x ] i am going to open the instrument , eliza , and you know what follows .
6	elizabeth bennet	you are a very strange creature by way of a friend ! -- always wanting me to play and sing before any body and every body ! -- if my vanity had taken a musical turn , you would have been invaluable , but as it is , i would really rather not sit down before those who must be in the habit of hearing the very best performers . [ x ] very well ; if it must be so , it must . [ x ] there is a fine old saying , which every body here is of course familiar with -- " keep your breath to cool your porridge , " -- and i shall keep mine to swell my song .
6	sir william	what a charming amusement for young people this is , mr. darcy ! -- there is nothing like dancing after all . -- i consider it as one of the first refinements of polished societies .
6	mr. darcy	certainly , sir ; -- and it has the advantage also of being in vogue amongst the less polished societies of the world . -- every savage can dance .
6	sir william	your friend performs delightfully ; [ x ] and i doubt not that you are an adept in the science yourself , mr. darcy .
6	mr. darcy	you saw me dance at meryton , i believe , sir .
6	sir william	yes , indeed , and received no inconsiderable pleasure from the sight . do you often dance at st. james 's ?
6	mr. darcy	never , sir .
6	sir william	do you not think it would be a proper compliment to the place ?
6	mr. darcy	it is a compliment which i never pay to any place , if i can avoid it .
6	sir william	you have a house in town , i conclude ?
6	sir william	i had once some thoughts of fixing in town myself -- for i am fond of superior society ; but i did not feel quite certain that the air of london would agree with lady lucas .
6	sir william	my dear miss eliza , why are not you dancing ? -- mr. darcy , you must allow me to present this young lady to you as a very desirable partner . -- you can not refuse to dance , i am sure , when so much beauty is before you .
6	elizabeth bennet	indeed , sir , i have not the least intention of dancing . -- i entreat you not to suppose that i moved this way in order to beg for a partner .
6	sir william	you excel so much in the dance , miss eliza , that it is cruel to deny me the happiness of seeing you ; and though this gentleman dislikes the amusement in general , he can have no objection , i am sure , to oblige us for one half hour .
6	elizabeth bennet	mr. darcy is all politeness ,
6	sir william	he is indeed -- but considering the inducement , my dear miss eliza , we can not wonder at his complaisance ; for who would object to such a partner ?
6	caroline bingley	i can guess the subject of your reverie .
6	mr. darcy	i should imagine not .
6	caroline bingley	you are considering how insupportable it would be to pass many evenings in this manner -- in such society ; and indeed i am quite of your opinion . i was never more annoyed ! the insipidity and yet the noise ; the nothingness and yet the self-importance of all these people ! -- what would i give to hear your strictures on them !
6	mr. darcy	your conjecture is totally wrong , i assure you . my mind was more agreeably engaged . i have been meditating on the very great pleasure which a pair of fine eyes in the face of a pretty woman can bestow .
6	mr. darcy	miss elizabeth bennet .
6	caroline bingley	miss elizabeth bennet ! [ x ] i am all astonishment . how long has she been such a favourite ? -- and pray when am i to wish you joy ?
6	mr. darcy	that is exactly the question which i expected you to ask . a lady 's imagination is very rapid ; it jumps from admiration to love , from love to matrimony , in a moment . i knew you would be wishing me joy .
6	caroline bingley	nay , if you are so serious about it , i shall consider the matter as absolutely settled . you will have a charming mother-in-law , indeed , and of course she will be always at pemberley with you .
7	mr. bennet	from all that i can collect by your manner of talking , you must be two of the silliest girls in the country . i have suspected it some time , but i am now convinced .
7	mrs. bennet	i am astonished , my dear , [ x ] that you should be so ready to think your own children silly . if i wished to think slightingly of any body 's children , it should not be of my own , however .
7	mr. bennet	if my children are silly i must hope to be always sensible of it .
7	mrs. bennet	yes -- but as it happens , they are all of them very clever .
7	mr. bennet	this is the only point , i flatter myself , on which we do not agree . i had hoped that our sentiments coincided in every particular , but i must so far differ from you as to think our two youngest daughters uncommonly foolish .
7	mrs. bennet	my dear mr. bennet , you must not expect such girls to have the sense of their father and mother . -- when they get to our age , i dare say they will not think about officers any more than we do . i remember the time when i liked a red coat myself very well -- and indeed , so i do still at my heart ; and if a smart young colonel , with five or six thousand a year , should want one of my girls , i shall not say nay to him ; and i thought colonel forster looked very becoming the other night at sir william 's in his regimentals .
7	lydia bennet	mama , [ x ] my aunt says that colonel forster and captain carter do not go so often to miss watson 's as they did when they first came ; she sees them now very often standing in clarke 's library .
7	mrs. bennet	well , jane , who is it from ? what is it about ? what does he say ? well , jane , make haste and tell us ; make haste , my love .
7	jane bennet	it is from miss bingley ,
7	caroline bingley	my dear friend , if you are not so compassionate as to dine to-day with louisa and me , we shall be in danger of hating each other for the rest of our lives , for a whole day 's te ^ te-a ` - te ^ te between two women can never end without a quarrel . come as soon as you can on the receipt of this . my brother and the gentlemen are to dine with the officers . yours ever , caroline bingley .
7	lydia bennet	with the officers ! [ x ] i wonder my aunt did not tell us of _ that _ .
7	mrs. bennet	dining out , [ x ] that is very unlucky .
7	jane bennet	can i have the carriage ?
7	mrs. bennet	no , my dear , you had better go on horseback , because it seems likely to rain ; and then you must stay all night .
7	elizabeth bennet	that would be a good scheme , [ x ] if you were sure that they would not offer to send her home .
7	mrs. bennet	oh ! but the gentlemen will have mr. bingley 's chaise to go to meryton ; and the hursts have no horses to theirs .
7	jane bennet	i had much rather go in the coach .
7	mrs. bennet	but , my dear , your father can not spare the horses , i am sure . they are wanted in the farm , mr. bennet , are not they ?
7	mr. bennet	they are wanted in the farm much oftener than i can get them .
7	elizabeth bennet	but if you have got them to-day , [ x ] my mother 's purpose will be answered .
7	mrs. bennet	this was a lucky idea of mine , indeed !
7	jane bennet	my dearest lizzy , i find myself very unwell this morning , which , i suppose , is to be imputed to my getting wet through yesterday . my kind friends will not hear of my returning home till i am better . they insist also on my seeing mr. jones -- therefore do not be alarmed if you should hear of his having been to me -- and excepting a sore throat and head-ache , there is not much the matter with me . yours , & c.
7	mr. bennet	well , my dear , [ x ] if your daughter should have a dangerous fit of illness , if she should die , it would be a comfort to know that it was all in pursuit of mr. bingley , and under your orders .
7	mrs. bennet	oh ! i am not at all afraid of her dying . people do not die of little trifling colds . she will be taken good care of . as long is she stays there , it is all very well . i would go and see her , if i could have the carriage .
7	mrs. bennet	how can you be so silly , [ x ] as to think of such a thing , in all this dirt ! you will not be fit to be seen when you get there .
7	elizabeth bennet	i shall be very fit to see jane -- which is all i want .
7	mr. bennet	is this a hint to me , lizzy , [ x ] to send for the horses ?
7	elizabeth bennet	no , indeed . i do not wish to avoid the walk . the distance is nothing , when one has a motive ; only three miles . i shall be back by dinner .
7	mary bennet	i admire the activity of your benevolence , [ x ] but every impulse of feeling should be guided by reason ; and , in my opinion , exertion should always be in proportion to what is required .
7	catherine and lydia bennet	we will go as far as meryton with you ,
7	lydia bennet	if we make haste , [ x ] perhaps we may see something of captain carter before he goes .
8	louisa hurst	she has nothing , in short , to recommend her , but being an excellent walker . i shall never forget her appearance this morning . she really looked almost wild .
8	caroline bingley	she did indeed , louisa . i could hardly keep my countenance . very nonsensical to come at all ! why must _ she _ be scampering about the country , because her sister had a cold ? her hair so untidy , so blowsy !
8	louisa hurst	yes , and her petticoat ; i hope you saw her petticoat , six inches deep in mud , i am absolutely certain ; and the gown which had been let down to hide it not doing its office .
8	mr. bingley	your picture may be very exact , louisa , [ x ] but this was all lost upon me . i thought miss elizabeth bennet looked remarkably well , when she came into the room this morning . her dirty petticoat quite escaped my notice .
8	caroline bingley	_ you _ observed it , mr. darcy , i am sure , [ x ] and i am inclined to think that you would not wish to see _ your _ _ sister _ make such an exhibition .
8	mr. darcy	certainly not .
8	caroline bingley	to walk three miles , or four miles , or five miles , or whatever it is , above her ancles in dirt , and alone , quite alone ! what could she mean by it ? it seems to me to shew an abominable sort of conceited independence , a most country-town indifference to decorum .
8	mr. bingley	it shews an affection for her sister that is very pleasing ,
8	caroline bingley	i am afraid , mr. darcy , [ x ] that this adventure has rather affected your admiration of her fine eyes .
8	mr. darcy	not at all , [ x ] they were brightened by the exercise .
8	louisa hurst	i have an excessive regard for jane bennet , she is really a very sweet girl , and i wish with all my heart she were well settled . but with such a father and mother , and such low connections , i am afraid there is no chance of it .
8	caroline bingley	i think i have heard you say , that their uncle is an attorney in meryton .
8	louisa hurst	yes ; and they have another , who lives somewhere near cheapside .
8	caroline bingley	that is capital ,
8	mr. bingley	if they had uncles enough to fill _ all _ cheapside , [ x ] it would not make them one jot less agreeable .
8	mr. darcy	but it must very materially lessen their chance of marrying men of any consideration in the world ,
8	mr. hurst	do you prefer reading to cards ? [ x ] that is rather singular .
8	caroline bingley	miss eliza bennet , [ x ] despises cards . she is a great reader and has no pleasure in anything else .
8	elizabeth bennet	i deserve neither such praise nor such censure , [ x ] i am _ not _ a great reader , and i have pleasure in many things .
8	mr. bingley	in nursing your sister i am sure you have pleasure , [ x ] and i hope it will soon be increased by seeing her quite well .
8	mr. bingley	and i wish my collection were larger for your benefit and my own credit ; but i am an idle fellow , and though i have not many , i have more than i ever look into .
8	caroline bingley	i am astonished , [ x ] that my father should have left so small a collection of books . -- what a delightful library you have at pemberley , mr. darcy !
8	mr. darcy	it ought to be good , [ x ] it has been the work of many generations .
8	caroline bingley	and then you have added so much to it yourself , you are always buying books .
8	mr. darcy	i can not comprehend the neglect of a family library in such days as these .
8	caroline bingley	neglect ! i am sure you neglect nothing that can add to the beauties of that noble place . charles , when you build _ your _ house , i wish it may be half as delightful as pemberley .
8	mr. bingley	i wish it may .
8	caroline bingley	but i would really advise you to make your purchase in that neighbourhood , and take pemberley for a kind of model . there is not a finer county in england than derbyshire .
8	mr. bingley	with all my heart ; i will buy pemberley itself if darcy will sell it .
8	caroline bingley	i am talking of possibilities , charles .
8	mr. bingley	upon my word , caroline , i should think it more possible to get pemberley by purchase than by imitation .
8	caroline bingley	is miss darcy much grown since the spring ? [ x ] will she be as tall as i am ?
8	mr. darcy	i think she will . she is now about miss elizabeth bennet 's height , or rather taller .
8	caroline bingley	how i long to see her again ! i never met with anybody who delighted me so much . such a countenance , such manners , and so extremely accomplished for her age ! her performance on the piano-forte is exquisite .
8	mr. bingley	it is amazing to me , [ x ] how young ladies can have patience to be so very accomplished as they all are .
8	caroline bingley	all young ladies accomplished ! my dear charles , what do you mean ?
8	mr. bingley	yes all of them , i think . they all paint tables , cover skreens , and net purses . i scarcely know any one who can not do all this , and i am sure i never heard a young lady spoken of for the first time , without being informed that she was very accomplished .
8	mr. darcy	your list of the common extent of accomplishments , [ x ] has too much truth . the word is applied to many a woman who deserves it no otherwise than by netting a purse , or covering a skreen . but i am very far from agreeing with you in your estimation of ladies in general . i can not boast of knowing more than half a dozen , in the whole range of my acquaintance , that are really accomplished .
8	caroline bingley	nor i , i am sure ,
8	elizabeth bennet	then , [ x ] you must comprehend a great deal in your idea of an accomplished women .
8	mr. darcy	yes ; i do comprehend a great deal in it .
8	caroline bingley	oh ! certainly , [ x ] no one can be really esteemed accomplished , who does not greatly surpass what is usually met with . a woman must have a thorough knowledge of music , singing , drawing , dancing , and the modern languages , to deserve the word ; and besides all this , she must possess a certain something in her air and manner of walking , the tone of her voice , her address and expressions , or the word will be but half deserved .
8	mr. darcy	all this she must possess , [ x ] and to all this she must yet add something more substantial , in the improvement of her mind by extensive reading .
8	elizabeth bennet	i am no longer surprised at your knowing _ only _ six accomplished women . i rather wonder now at your knowing _ any _ .
8	mr. darcy	are you so severe upon your own sex , as to doubt the possibility of all this ?
8	elizabeth bennet	_ i _ never saw such a woman , _ i _ never saw such capacity , and taste , and application , and elegance , as you describe , united .
8	caroline bingley	eliza bennet , [ x ] is one of those young ladies who seek to recommend themselves to the other sex by undervaluing their own , and with many men , i dare say , it succeeds . but , in my opinion , it is a paltry device , a very mean art .
8	mr. darcy	undoubtedly , [ x ] there is meanness in _ all _ the arts which ladies sometimes condescend to employ for captivation . whatever bears affinity to cunning is despicable .
9	mrs. bennet	indeed i have , sir , [ x ] she is a great deal too ill to be moved . mr. jones says we must not think of moving her . we must trespass a little longer on your kindness .
9	mr. bingley	removed ! [ x ] it must not be thought of . my sister , i am sure , will not hear of her removal .
9	caroline bingley	you may depend upon it , madam , [ x ] that miss bennet shall receive every possible attention while she remains with us .
9	mrs. bennet	i am sure , [ x ] if it was not for such good friends i do not know what would become of her , for she is very ill indeed , and suffers a vast deal , though with the greatest patience in the world -- which is always the way with her , for she has , without exception , the sweetest temper i ever met with . i often tell my other girls they are nothing to _ her _ . you have a sweet room here , mr. bingley , and a charming prospect over that gravel walk . i do not know a place in the country that is equal to netherfield . you will not think of quitting it in a hurry i hope , though you have but a short lease .
9	mr. bingley	whatever i do is done in a hurry , [ x ] and therefore if i should resolve to quit netherfield , i should probably be off in five minutes . at present , however , i consider myself as quite fixed here .
9	elizabeth bennet	that is exactly what i should have supposed of you ,
9	mr. bingley	you begin to comprehend me , do you ?
9	elizabeth bennet	oh ! yes -- i understand you perfectly .
9	mr. bingley	i wish i might take this for a compliment ; but to be so easily seen through i am afraid is pitiful .
9	elizabeth bennet	that is as it happens . it does not necessarily follow that a deep , intricate character is more or less estimable than such a one as yours .
9	mrs. bennet	lizzy , [ x ] remember where you are , and do not run on in the wild manner that you are suffered to do at home .
9	mr. bingley	i did not know before , [ x ] that you were a studier of character . it must be an amusing study .
9	elizabeth bennet	yes ; but intricate characters are the _ most _ amusing . they have at least that advantage .
9	mr. darcy	the country , [ x ] can in general supply but few subjects for such a study . in a country neighbourhood you move in a very confined and unvarying society .
9	elizabeth bennet	but people themselves alter so much , that there is something new to be observed in them for ever .
9	mrs. bennet	yes , indeed , [ x ] i assure you there is quite as much of _ that _ going on in the country as in town .
9	mrs. bennet	i can not see that london has any great advantage over the country for my part , except the shops and public places . the country is a vast deal pleasanter , is not it , mr. bingley ?
9	mr. bingley	when i am in the country , [ x ] i never wish to leave it ; and when i am in town it is pretty much the same . they have each their advantages , and i can be equally happy in either .
9	mrs. bennet	aye -- that is because you have the right disposition . but that gentleman , [ x ] seemed to think the country was nothing at all .
9	elizabeth bennet	indeed , mama , you are mistaken , [ x ] you quite mistook mr. darcy . he only meant that there were not such a variety of people to be met with in the country as in town , which you must acknowledge to be true .
9	mrs. bennet	certainly , my dear , nobody said there were ; but as to not meeting with many people in this neighbourhood , i believe there are few neighbourhoods larger . i know we dine with four and twenty families .
9	mrs. bennet	yes , she called yesterday with her father . what an agreeable man sir william is , mr. bingley -- is not he ? so much the man of fashion ! so genteel and so easy ! -- he has always something to say to every body . -- _ that _ is my idea of good breeding ; and those persons who fancy themselves very important and never open their mouths , quite mistake the matter .
9	elizabeth bennet	did charlotte dine with you ?
9	mrs. bennet	no , she would go home . i fancy she was wanted about the mince pies . for my part , mr. bingley , _ i _ always keep servants that can do their own work ; _ my _ daughters are brought up differently . but every body is to judge for themselves , and the lucases are very good sort of girls , i assure you . it is a pity they are not handsome ! not that _ i _ think charlotte so _ very _ plain -- but then she is our particular friend .
9	mr. bingley	she seems a very pleasant young woman ,
9	mrs. bennet	oh ! dear , yes ; -- but you must own she is very plain . lady lucas herself has often said so , and envied me jane 's beauty . i do not like to boast of my own child , but to be sure , jane -- one does not often see any body better looking . it is what every body says . i do not trust my own partiality . when she was only fifteen , there was a gentleman at my brother gardiner 's in town , so much in love with her , that my sister-in-law was sure he would make her an offer before we came away . but however he did not . perhaps he thought her too young . however , he wrote some verses on her , and very pretty they were .
9	elizabeth bennet	and so ended his affection , [ x ] there has been many a one , i fancy , overcome in the same way . i wonder who first discovered the efficacy of poetry in driving away love !
9	mr. darcy	i have been used to consider poetry as the _ food _ of love ,
9	elizabeth bennet	of a fine , stout , healthy love it may . every thing nourishes what is strong already . but if it be only a slight , thin sort of inclination , i am convinced that one good sonnet will starve it entirely away .
9	mr. bingley	i am perfectly ready , i assure you , to keep my engagement , and when your sister is recovered , you shall if you please , name the very day of the ball . but you would not wish to be dancing while she is ill .
9	lydia bennet	oh ! yes -- it would be much better to wait till jane was well , and by that time most likely captain carter would be at meryton again . and when you have given _ your _ ball , [ x ] i shall insist on their giving one also . i shall tell colonel forster it will be quite a shame if he does not .
10	caroline bingley	how delighted miss darcy will be to receive such a letter !
10	caroline bingley	you write uncommonly fast .
10	mr. darcy	you are mistaken . i write rather slowly .
10	caroline bingley	how many letters you must have occasion to write in the course of the year ! letters of business too ! how odious i should think them !
10	mr. darcy	it is fortunate , then , that they fall to my lot instead of to yours .
10	caroline bingley	pray tell your sister that i long to see her .
10	mr. darcy	i have already told her so once , by your desire .
10	caroline bingley	i am afraid you do not like your pen . let me mend it for you . i mend pens remarkably well .
10	mr. darcy	thank you -- but i always mend my own .
10	caroline bingley	how can you contrive to write so even ?
10	caroline bingley	tell your sister i am delighted to hear of her improvement on the harp , and pray let her know that i am quite in raptures with her beautiful little design for a table , and i think it infinitely superior to miss grantley 's .
10	mr. darcy	will you give me leave to defer your raptures till i write again ? -- at present i have not room to do them justice .
10	caroline bingley	oh ! it is of no consequence . i shall see her in january . but do you always write such charming long letters to her , mr. darcy ?
10	mr. darcy	they are generally long ; but whether always charming , it is not for me to determine .
10	caroline bingley	it is a rule with me , that a person who can write a long letter , with ease , can not write ill .
10	mr. bingley	that will not do for a compliment to darcy , caroline , [ x ] because he does _ not _ write with ease . he studies too much for words of four syllables . -- do not you , darcy ?
10	mr. darcy	my stile of writing is very different from yours .
10	caroline bingley	oh ! [ x ] charles writes in the most careless way imaginable . he leaves out half his words , and blots the rest .
10	mr. bingley	my ideas flow so rapidly that i have not time to express them -- by which means my letters sometimes convey no ideas at all to my correspondents .
10	elizabeth bennet	your humility , mr. bingley , [ x ] must disarm reproof .
10	mr. darcy	nothing is more deceitful , [ x ] than the appearance of humility . it is often only carelessness of opinion , and sometimes an indirect boast .
10	mr. bingley	and which of the two do you call _ my _ little recent piece of modesty ?
10	mr. darcy	the indirect boast ; -- for you are really proud of your defects in writing , because you consider them as proceeding from a rapidity of thought and carelessness of execution , which if not estimable , you think at least highly interesting . the power of doing any thing with quickness is always much prized by the possessor , and often without any attention to the imperfection of the performance . when you told mrs. bennet this morning that if you ever resolved on quitting netherfield you should be gone in five minutes , you meant it to be a sort of panegyric , of compliment to yourself -- and yet what is there so very laudable in a precipitance which must leave very necessary business undone , and can be of no real advantage to yourself or any one else ?
10	mr. bingley	nay , [ x ] this is too much , to remember at night all the foolish things that were said in the morning . and yet , upon my honour , i believed what i said of myself to be true , and i believe it at this moment . at least , therefore , i did not assume the character of needless precipitance merely to shew off before the ladies .
10	mr. darcy	i dare say you believed it ; but i am by no means convinced that you would be gone with such celerity . your conduct would be quite as dependant on chance as that of any man i know ; and if , as you were mounting your horse , a friend were to say , " bingley , you had better stay till next week , " you would probably do it , you would probably not go -- and , at another word , might stay a month .
10	elizabeth bennet	you have only proved by this , [ x ] that mr. bingley did not do justice to his own disposition . you have shewn him off now much more than he did himself .
10	mr. bingley	i am exceedingly gratified , [ x ] by your converting what my friend says into a compliment on the sweetness of my temper . but i am afraid you are giving it a turn which that gentleman did by no means intend ; for he would certainly think the better of me , if under such a circumstance i were to give a flat denial , and ride off as fast as i could .
10	elizabeth bennet	would mr. darcy then consider the rashness of your original intention as atoned for by your obstinacy in adhering to it ?
10	mr. bingley	upon my word i can not exactly explain the matter ; darcy must speak for himself .
10	mr. darcy	you expect me to account for opinions which you chuse to call mine , but which i have never acknowledged . allowing the case , however , to stand according to your representation , you must remember , miss bennet , that the friend who is supposed to desire his return to the house , and the delay of his plan , has merely desired it , asked it without offering one argument in favour of its propriety .
10	elizabeth bennet	to yield readily -- easily -- to the _ persuasion _ of a friend is no merit with you .
10	mr. darcy	to yield without conviction is no compliment to the understanding of either .
10	elizabeth bennet	you appear to me , mr. darcy , to allow nothing for the influence of friendship and affection . a regard for the requester would often make one readily yield to a request without waiting for arguments to reason one into it . i am not particularly speaking of such a case as you have supposed about mr. bingley . we may as well wait , perhaps , till the circumstance occurs , before we discuss the discretion of his behaviour thereupon . but in general and ordinary cases between friend and friend , where one of them is desired by the other to change a resolution of no very great moment , should you think ill of that person for complying with the desire , without waiting to be argued into it ?
10	mr. darcy	will it not be advisable , before we proceed on this subject , to arrange with rather more precision the degree of importance which is to appertain to this request , as well as the degree of intimacy subsisting between the parties ?
10	mr. bingley	by all means , [ x ] let us hear all the particulars , not forgetting their comparative height and size ; for that will have more weight in the argument , miss bennet , than you may be aware of . i assure you that if darcy were not such a great tall fellow , in comparison with myself , i should not pay him half so much deference . i declare i do not know a more aweful object than darcy , on particular occasions , and in particular places ; at his own house especially , and of a sunday evening when he has nothing to do .
10	mr. darcy	i see your design , bingley , [ x ] you dislike an argument , and want to silence this .
10	mr. bingley	perhaps i do . arguments are too much like disputes . if you and miss bennet will defer yours till i am out of the room , i shall be very thankful ; and then you may say whatever you like of me .
10	elizabeth bennet	what you ask , [ x ] is no sacrifice on my side ; and mr. darcy had much better finish his letter .
10	mr. darcy	do not you feel a great inclination , miss bennet , to seize such an opportunity of dancing a reel ?
10	elizabeth bennet	oh ! [ x ] i heard you before ; but i could not immediately determine what to say in reply . you wanted me , i know , to say " yes , " that you might have the pleasure of despising my taste ; but i always delight in overthrowing those kind of schemes , and cheating a person of their premeditated contempt . i have therefore made up my mind to tell you that i do not want to dance a reel at all -- and now despise me if you dare .
10	mr. darcy	indeed i do not dare .
10	caroline bingley	i hope , [ x ] you will give your mother-in-law a few hints , when this desirable event takes place , as to the advantage of holding her tongue ; and if you can compass it , do cure the younger girls of running after the officers . -- and , if i may mention so delicate a subject , endeavour to check that little something , bordering on conceit and impertinence , which your lady possesses .
10	mr. darcy	have you any thing else to propose for my domestic felicity ?
10	caroline bingley	oh ! yes . -- do let the portraits of your uncle and aunt philips be placed in the gallery at pemberley . put them next to your great uncle , the judge . they are in the same profession , you know ; only in different lines . as for your elizabeth 's picture , you must not attempt to have it taken , for what painter could do justice to those beautiful eyes ?
10	mr. darcy	it would not be easy , indeed , to catch their expression , but their colour and shape , and the eye-lashes , so remarkably fine , might be copied .
10	caroline bingley	i did not know that you intended to walk ,
10	louisa hurst	you used us abominably ill , [ x ] in running away without telling us that you were coming out .
10	mr. darcy	this walk is not wide enough for our party . we had better go into the avenue .
10	elizabeth bennet	no , no ; stay where you are . -- you are charmingly group 'd , and appear to uncommon advantage . the picturesque would be spoilt by admitting a fourth . good bye .
11	mr. hurst	very glad ;
11	caroline bingley	how pleasant it is to spend an evening in this way ! i declare after all there is no enjoyment like reading ! how much sooner one tires of any thing than of a book ! -- when i have a house of my own , i shall be miserable if i have not an excellent library .
11	caroline bingley	by the bye , charles , are you really serious in meditating a dance at netherfield ? -- i would advise you , before you determine on it , to consult the wishes of the present party ; i am much mistaken if there are not some among us to whom a ball would be rather a punishment than a pleasure .
11	mr. bingley	if you mean darcy , [ x ] he may go to bed , if he chuses , before it begins -- but as for the ball , it is quite a settled thing ; and as soon as nicholls has made white soup enough i shall send round my cards .
11	caroline bingley	i should like balls infinitely better , [ x ] if they were carried on in a different manner ; but there is something insufferably tedious in the usual process of such a meeting . it would surely be much more rational if conversation instead of dancing made the order of the day .
11	mr. bingley	much more rational , my dear caroline , i dare say , but it would not be near so much like a ball .
11	caroline bingley	miss eliza bennet , let me persuade you to follow my example , and take a turn about the room . -- i assure you it is very refreshing after sitting so long in one attitude .
11	caroline bingley	what could he mean ? she was dying to know what could be his meaning
11	elizabeth bennet	not at all , [ x ] but depend upon it , he means to be severe on us , and our surest way of disappointing him will be to ask nothing about it .
11	mr. darcy	i have not the smallest objection to explaining them , [ x ] you either chuse this method of passing the evening because you are in each other 's confidence , and have secret affairs to discuss , or because you are conscious that your figures appear to the greatest advantage in walking ; -- if the first , i should be completely in your way ; -- and if the second , i can admire you much better as i sit by the fire .
11	caroline bingley	oh ! shocking ! [ x ] i never heard any thing so abominable . how shall we punish him for such a speech ?
11	elizabeth bennet	nothing so easy , if you have but the inclination , [ x ] we can all plague and punish one another . teaze him -- laugh at him . -- intimate as you are , you must know how it is to be done .
11	caroline bingley	but upon my honour i do _ not _ . i do assure you that my intimacy has not yet taught me _ that _ . teaze calmness of temper and presence of mind ! no , no -- i feel he may defy us there . and as to laughter , we will not expose ourselves , if you please , by attempting to laugh without a subject . mr. darcy may hug himself .
11	elizabeth bennet	mr. darcy is not to be laughed at ! [ x ] that is an uncommon advantage , and uncommon i hope it will continue , for it would be a great loss to _ me _ to have many such acquaintance . i dearly love a laugh .
11	mr. darcy	miss bingley , [ x ] has given me credit for more than can be . the wisest and the best of men , nay , the wisest and best of their actions , may be rendered ridiculous by a person whose first object in life is a joke .
11	elizabeth bennet	certainly , [ x ] there are such people , but i hope i am not one of _ them _ . i hope i never ridicule what is wise or good . follies and nonsense , whims and inconsistencies _ do _ divert me , i own , and i laugh at them whenever i can . -- but these , i suppose , are precisely what you are without .
11	mr. darcy	perhaps that is not possible for any one . but it has been the study of my life to avoid those weaknesses which often expose a strong understanding to ridicule .
11	elizabeth bennet	such as vanity and pride .
11	mr. darcy	yes , vanity is a weakness indeed . but pride -- where there is a real superiority of mind , pride will be always under good regulation .
11	caroline bingley	your examination of mr. darcy is over , i presume , [ x ] and pray what is the result ?
11	elizabeth bennet	i am perfectly convinced by it that mr. darcy has no defect . he owns it himself without disguise .
11	mr. darcy	no [ x ] i have made no such pretension . i have faults enough , but they are not , i hope , of understanding . my temper i dare not vouch for . -- it is i believe too little yielding -- certainly too little for the convenience of the world . i can not forget the follies and vices of others so soon as i ought , nor their offences against myself . my feelings are not puffed about with every attempt to move them . my temper would perhaps be called resentful . -- my good opinion once lost is lost for ever .
11	elizabeth bennet	_ that _ is a failing indeed ! [ x ] implacable resentment _ is _ a shade in a character . but you have chosen your fault well . -- i really can not _ laugh _ at it ; you are safe from me .
11	mr. darcy	there is , i believe , in every disposition a tendency to some particular evil , a natural defect , which not even the best education can overcome .
11	elizabeth bennet	and _ your _ defect is a propensity to hate every body .
11	mr. darcy	and yours , [ x ] is wilfully to misunderstand them .
11	caroline bingley	do let us have a little music , [ x ] louisa , you will not mind my waking mr. hurst .
13	mr. bennet	i hope my dear , [ x ] that you have ordered a good dinner to-day , because i have reason to expect an addition to our family party .
13	mrs. bennet	who do you mean , my dear ? i know of nobody that is coming , i am sure , unless charlotte lucas should happen to call in , and i hope _ my _ dinners are good enough for her . i do not believe she often sees such at home .
13	mr. bennet	the person of whom i speak , is a gentleman and a stranger .
13	mrs. bennet	a gentleman and a stranger ! it is mr. bingley , i am sure . why jane -- you never dropt a word of this ; you sly thing ! well , i am sure i shall be extremely glad to see mr. bingley . -- but -- good lord ! how unlucky ! there is not a bit of fish to be got to-day . lydia , my love , ring the bell . i must speak to hill , this moment .
13	mr. bennet	it is _ not _ mr. bingley , [ x ] it is a person whom i never saw in the whole course of my life .
13	mr. bennet	about a month ago i received this letter , and about a fortnight ago i answered it , for i thought it a case of some delicacy , and requiring early attention . it is from my cousin , mr. collins , who , when i am dead , may turn you all out of this house as soon as he pleases .
13	mrs. bennet	oh ! my dear , [ x ] i can not bear to hear that mentioned . pray do not talk of that odious man . i do think it is the hardest thing in the world that your estate should be entailed away from your own children ; and i am sure if i had been you , i should have tried long ago to do something or other about it .
13	mr. bennet	it certainly is a most iniquitous affair , [ x ] and nothing can clear mr. collins from the guilt of inheriting longbourn . but if you will listen to his letter , you may perhaps be a little softened by his manner of expressing himself .
13	mrs. bennet	no , that i am sure i shall not ; and i think it was very impertinent of him to write to you at all , and very hypocritical . i hate such false friends . why could not he keep on quarrelling with you , as his father did before him ?
13	mr. bennet	why , indeed , he does seem to have had some filial scruples on that head , as you will hear .
13	mr. collins	hunsford , near westerham , kent , 15th october . dear sir , the disagreement subsisting between yourself and my late honoured father always gave me much uneasiness , and since i have had the misfortune to lose him i have frequently wished to heal the breach ; but for some time i was kept back by my own doubts , fearing lest it might seem disrespectful to his memory for me to be on good terms with any one with whom it had always pleased him to be at variance . there , mrs. bennet . my mind however is now made up on the subject , for having received ordination at easter , i have been so fortunate as to be distinguished by the patronage of the right honourable lady catherine de bourgh , widow of sir lewis de bourgh , whose bounty and beneficence has preferred me to the valuable rectory of this parish , where it shall be my earnest endeavour to demean myself with grateful respect towards her ladyship , and be ever ready to perform those rites and ceremonies which are instituted by the church of england . as a clergyman , moreover , i feel it my duty to promote and establish the blessing of peace in all families within the reach of my influence ; and on these grounds i flatter myself that my present overtures of good-will are highly commendable , and that the circumstance of my being next in the entail of longbourn estate will be kindly overlooked on your side , and not lead you to reject the offered olive branch . i can not be otherwise than concerned at being the means of injuring your amiable daughters , and beg leave to apologise for it , as well as to assure you of my readiness to make them every possible amends , -- but of this hereafter . if you should have no objection to receive me into your house , i propose myself the satisfaction of waiting on you and your family , monday , november 18th , by four o'clock , and shall probably trespass on your hospitality till the saturday se ' nnight following , which i can do without any inconvenience , as lady catherine is far from objecting to my occasional absence on a sunday , provided that some other clergyman is engaged to do the duty of the day . i remain , dear sir , with respectful compliments to your lady and daughters , your well-wisher and friend , william collins .
13	mr. bennet	at four o'clock , therefore , we may expect this peacemaking gentleman , [ x ] he seems to be a most conscientious and polite young man , upon my word ; and i doubt not will prove a valuable acquaintance , especially if lady catherine should be so indulgent as to let him come to us again .
13	mrs. bennet	there is some sense in what he says about the girls however ; and if he is disposed to make them any amends , i shall not be the person to discourage him .
13	jane bennet	though it is difficult , [ x ] to guess in what way he can mean to make us the atonement he thinks our due , the wish is certainly to his credit .
13	elizabeth bennet	he must be an oddity , i think , [ x ] i can not make him out . -- there is something very pompous in his stile . -- and what can he mean by apologizing for being next in the entail ? -- we can not suppose he would help it , if he could . -- can he be a sensible man , sir ?
13	mr. bennet	no , my dear ; i think not . i have great hopes of finding him quite the reverse . there is a mixture of servility and self-importance in his letter , which promises well . i am impatient to see him .
13	mary bennet	in point of composition , [ x ] his letter does not seem defective . the idea of the olive branch perhaps is not wholly new , yet i think it is well expressed .
13	mrs. bennet	you are very kind , sir , i am sure ; and i wish with all my heart it may prove so ; for else they will be destitute enough . things are settled so oddly .
13	mr. collins	you allude , perhaps , to the entail of this estate .
13	mrs. bennet	ah ! sir , i do indeed . it is a grievous affair to my poor girls , you must confess . not that i mean to find fault with _ you _ , for such things , i know , are all chance in this world . there is no knowing how estates will go when once they come to be entailed .
13	mr. collins	i am very sensible , madam , of the hardship to my fair cousins , -- and could say much on the subject , but that i am cautious of appearing forward and precipitate . but i can assure the young ladies that i come prepared to admire them . at present i will not say more , but perhaps when we are better acquainted --
14	mrs. bennet	that is all very proper and civil i am sure , [ x ] and i dare say she is a very agreeable woman . it is a pity that great ladies in general are not more like her . does she live near you , sir ?
14	mr. collins	the garden in which stands my humble abode is separated only by a lane from rosings park , her ladyship 's residence .
14	mrs. bennet	i think you said she was a widow , sir ? has she any family ?
14	mr. collins	she has one only daughter , the heiress of rosings , and of very extensive property .
14	mrs. bennet	ah ! [ x ] then she is better off than many girls . and what sort of young lady is she ? is she handsome ?
14	mr. collins	she is a most charming young lady indeed . lady catherine herself says that in point of true beauty , miss de bourgh is far superior to the handsomest of her sex ; because there is that in her features which marks the young woman of distinguished birth . she is unfortunately of a sickly constitution , which has prevented her making that progress in many accomplishments which she could not otherwise have failed of ; as i am informed by the lady who superintended her education , and who still resides with them . but she is perfectly amiable , and often condescends to drive by my humble abode in her little phaeton and ponies .
14	mrs. bennet	has she been presented ? i do not remember her name among the ladies at court .
14	mr. collins	her indifferent state of health unhappily prevents her being in town ; and by that means , as i told lady catherine myself one day , has deprived the british court of its brightest ornament . her ladyship seemed pleased with the idea , and you may imagine that i am happy on every occasion to offer those little delicate compliments which are always acceptable to ladies . i have more than once observed to lady catherine that her charming daughter seemed born to be a duchess , and that the most elevated rank , instead of giving her consequence , would be adorned by her . -- these are the kind of little things which please her ladyship , and it is a sort of attention which i conceive myself peculiarly bound to pay .
14	mr. bennet	you judge very properly , [ x ] and it is happy for you that you possess the talent of flattering with delicacy . may i ask whether these pleasing attentions proceed from the impulse of the moment , or are the result of previous study ?
14	mr. collins	they arise chiefly from what is passing at the time , and though i sometimes amuse myself with suggesting and arranging such little elegant compliments as may be adapted to ordinary occasions , i always wish to give them as unstudied an air as possible .
14	lydia bennet	do you know , mama , that my uncle philips talks of turning away richard , and if he does , colonel forster will hire him . my aunt told me so herself on saturday . i shall walk to meryton to-morrow to hear more about it , and to ask when mr. denny comes back from town .
14	mr. collins	i have often observed how little young ladies are interested by books of a serious stamp , though written solely for their benefit . it amazes me , i confess ; -- for certainly , there can be nothing so advantageous to them as instruction . but i will no longer importune my young cousin .
15	mrs. bennet	as to her _ younger _ daughters she could not take upon her to say -- she could not positively answer -- but she did not _ know _ of any prepossession ; -- her _ eldest _ daughter , she must just mention -- she felt it incumbent on her to hint , was likely to be very soon engaged .
15	notanutterance	stupid , disagreeable fellows .
16	mr. collins	i know little of the game , at present , [ x ] but i shall be glad to improve myself , for in my situation of life --
16	elizabeth bennet	about a month , [ x ] he is a man of very large property in derbyshire , i understand .
16	mr. wickham	yes , [ x ] his estate there is a noble one . a clear ten thousand per annum . you could not have met with a person more capable of giving you certain information on that head than myself -- for i have been connected with his family in a particular manner from my infancy .
16	mr. wickham	you may well be surprised , miss bennet , at such an assertion , after seeing , as you probably might , the very cold manner of our meeting yesterday . -- are you much acquainted with mr. darcy ?
16	elizabeth bennet	as much as i ever wish to be , [ x ] i have spent four days in the same house with him , and i think him very disagreeable .
16	mr. wickham	i have no right to give _ my _ opinion , [ x ] as to his being agreeable or otherwise . i am not qualified to form one . i have known him too long and to well to be a fair judge . it is impossible for _ me _ to be impartial . but i believe your opinion of him would in general astonish -- and perhaps you would not express it quite so strongly anywhere else . -- here you are in your own family .
16	elizabeth bennet	upon my word i say no more _ here _ than i might say in any house in the neighbourhood , except netherfield . he is not at all liked in hertfordshire . every body is disgusted with his pride . you will not find him more favourably spoken of by any one .
16	mr. wickham	i can not pretend to be sorry , [ x ] that he or that any man should not be estimated beyond their deserts ; but with _ him _ i believe it does not often happen . the world is blinded by his fortune and consequence , or frightened by his high and imposing manners , and sees him only as he chuses to be seen .
16	elizabeth bennet	i should take him , even on _ my _ slight acquaintance , to be an ill-tempered man .
16	mr. wickham	i wonder , [ x ] whether he is likely to be in this country much longer .
16	elizabeth bennet	i do not at all know ; but i _ heard _ nothing of his going away when i was at netherfield . i hope your plans in favour of the ---- shire will not be affected by his being in the neighbourhood .
16	mr. wickham	oh ! no -- it is not for _ me _ to be driven away by mr. darcy . if _ he _ wishes to avoid seeing _ me _ , he must go . we are not on friendly terms , and it always gives me pain to meet him , but i have no reason for avoiding _ him _ but what i might proclaim to all the world ; a sense of very great ill-usage , and most painful regrets at his being what he is . his father , miss bennet , the late mr. darcy , was one of the best men that ever breathed , and the truest friend i ever had ; and i can never be in company with this mr. darcy without being grieved to the soul by a thousand tender recollections . his behaviour to myself has been scandalous ; but i verily believe i could forgive him any thing and every thing , rather than his disappointing the hopes and disgracing the memory of his father .
16	mr. wickham	it was the prospect of constant society , and good society , [ x ] which was my chief inducement to enter the ---- shire . i knew it to be a most respectable , agreeable corps , and my friend denny tempted me farther by his account of their present quarters , and the very great attentions and excellent acquaintance meryton had procured them . society , i own , is necessary to me . i have been a disappointed man , and my spirits will not bear solitude . i _ must _ have employment and society . a military life is not what i was intended for , but circumstances have now made it eligible . the church _ ought _ to have been my profession -- i was brought up for the church , and i should at this time have been in possession of a most valuable living , had it pleased the gentleman we were speaking of just now .
16	elizabeth bennet	indeed !
16	mr. wickham	yes -- the late mr. darcy bequeathed me the next presentation of the best living in his gift . he was my godfather , and excessively attached to me . i can not do justice to his kindness . he meant to provide for me amply , and thought he had done it ; but when the living fell , it was given elsewhere .
16	elizabeth bennet	good heavens ! [ x ] but how could _ that _ be ? -- how could his will be disregarded ? -- why did not you seek legal redress ?
16	mr. wickham	there was just such an informality in the terms of the bequest as to give me no hope from law . a man of honour could not have doubted the intention , but mr. darcy chose to doubt it -- or to treat it as a merely conditional recommendation , and to assert that i had forfeited all claim to it by extravagance , imprudence , in short any thing or nothing . certain it is , that the living became vacant two years ago , exactly as i was of an age to hold it , and that it was given to another man ; and no less certain is it , that i can not accuse myself of having really done any thing to deserve to lose it . i have a warm , unguarded temper , and i may perhaps have sometimes spoken my opinion _ of _ him , and _ to _ him , too freely . i can recall nothing worse . but the fact is , that we are very different sort of men , and that he hates me .
16	elizabeth bennet	this is quite shocking ! -- he deserves to be publicly disgraced .
16	mr. wickham	some time or other he _ will _ be -- but it shall not be by _ me _ . till i can forget his father , i can never defy or expose _ him _ .
16	elizabeth bennet	but what , [ x ] can have been his motive ? -- what can have induced him to behave so cruelly ?
16	mr. wickham	a thorough , determined dislike of me -- a dislike which i can not but attribute in some measure to jealousy . had the late mr. darcy liked me less , his son might have borne with me better ; but his father 's uncommon attachment to me , irritated him i believe very early in life . he had not a temper to bear the sort of competition in which we stood -- the sort of preference which was often given me .
16	elizabeth bennet	i had not thought mr. darcy so bad as this -- though i have never liked him , i had not thought so very ill of him -- i had supposed him to be despising his fellow-creatures in general , but did not suspect him of descending to such malicious revenge , such injustice , such inhumanity as this !
16	elizabeth bennet	i _ do _ remember his boasting one day , at netherfield , of the implacability of his resentments , of his having an unforgiving temper . his disposition must be dreadful .
16	mr. wickham	i will not trust myself on the subject , [ x ] _ i _ can hardly be just to him .
16	elizabeth bennet	to treat in such a manner , the godson , the friend , the favourite of his father ! [ x ] a young man too , like _ you _ , whose very countenance may vouch for your being amiable [ x ] and one , too , who had probably been his own companion from childhood , connected together , as i think you said , in the closest manner !
16	mr. wickham	we were born in the same parish , within the same park , the greatest part of our youth was passed together ; inmates of the same house , sharing the same amusements , objects of the same parental care . _ my _ father began life in the profession which your uncle , mr. philips , appears to do so much credit to -- but he gave up every thing to be of use to the late mr. darcy , and devoted all his time to the care of the pemberley property . he was most highly esteemed by mr. darcy , a most intimate , confidential friend . mr. darcy often acknowledged . himself to be under the greatest obligations to my father 's active superintendance , and when immediately before my father 's death , mr. darcy gave him a voluntary promise of providing for me , i am convinced that he felt it to be as much a debt of gratitude to _ him _ , as of affection to myself .
16	elizabeth bennet	how strange ! [ x ] how abominable ! -- i wonder that the very pride of this mr. darcy has not made him just to you ! -- if from no better motive , that he should not have been too proud to be dishonest , -- for dishonesty i must call it .
16	mr. wickham	it _ is _ wonderful , [ x ] for almost all his actions may be traced to pride ; -- and pride has often been his best friend . it has connected him nearer with virtue than any other feeling . but we are none of us consistent ; and in his behaviour to me , there were stronger impulses even than pride .
16	elizabeth bennet	can such abominable pride as his , have ever done him good ?
16	mr. wickham	yes . it has often led him to be liberal and generous , -- to give his money freely , to display hospitality , to assist his tenants , and relieve the poor . family pride , and _ filial _ pride , for he is very proud of what his father was , have done this . not to appear to disgrace his family , to degenerate from the popular qualities , or lose the influence of the pemberley house , is a powerful motive . he has also _ brotherly _ pride , which with _ some _ brotherly affection , makes him a very kind and careful guardian of his sister ; and you will hear him generally cried up as the most attentive and best of brothers .
16	elizabeth bennet	what sort of a girl is miss darcy , ?
16	mr. wickham	i wish i could call her amiable . it gives me pain to speak ill of a darcy . but she is too much like her brother , -- very , very proud . -- as a child , she was affectionate and pleasing , and extremely fond of me ; and i have devoted hours and hours to her amusement . but she is nothing to me now . she is a handsome girl , about fifteen or sixteen , and , i understand , highly accomplished . since her father 's death , her home has been london , where a lady lives with her , and superintends her education .
16	elizabeth bennet	i am astonished at his intimacy with mr. bingley ! how can mr. bingley , who seems good humour itself , and is , i really believe , truly amiable , be in friendship with such a man ? how can they suit each other ? -- do you know mr. bingley ?
16	mr. wickham	not at all .
16	elizabeth bennet	he is a sweet tempered , amiable , charming man . he can not know what mr. darcy is .
16	mr. wickham	probably not ; -- but mr. darcy can please where he chuses . he does not want abilities . he can be a conversible companion if he thinks it worth his while . among those who are at all his equals in consequence , he is a very different man from what he is to the less prosperous . his pride never deserts him ; but with the rich , he is liberal-minded , just , sincere , rational , honourable , and perhaps agreeable , -- allowing something for fortune and figure .
16	mr. collins	i know very well , madam , [ x ] that when persons sit down to a card table , they must take their chance of these things , -- and happily i am not in such circumstances as to make five shillings any object . there are undoubtedly many who could not say the same , but thanks to lady catherine de bourgh , i am removed far beyond the necessity of regarding little matters .
16	elizabeth bennet	lady catherine de bourgh , [ x ] has very lately given him a living . i hardly know how mr. collins was first introduced to her notice , but he certainly has not known her long .
16	mr. wickham	you know of course that lady catherine de bourgh and lady anne darcy were sisters ; consequently that she is aunt to the present mr. darcy .
16	elizabeth bennet	no , indeed , i did not . -- i knew nothing at all of lady catherine 's connections . i never heard of her existence till the day before yesterday .
16	mr. wickham	her daughter , miss de bourgh , will have a very large fortune , and it is believed that she and her cousin will unite the two estates .
16	elizabeth bennet	mr. collins , [ x ] speaks highly both of lady catherine and her daughter ; but from some particulars that he has related of her ladyship , i suspect his gratitude misleads him , and that in spite of her being his patroness , she is an arrogant , conceited woman .
16	mr. wickham	i believe her to be both in a great degree , [ x ] i have not seen her for many years , but i very well remember that i never liked her , and that her manners were dictatorial and insolent . she has the reputation of being remarkably sensible and clever ; but i rather believe she derives part of her abilities from her rank and fortune , part from her authoritative manner , and the rest from the pride of her nephew , who chuses that every one connected with him should have an understanding of the first class .
17	jane bennet	they have both , [ x ] been deceived , i dare say , in some way or other , of which we can form no idea . interested people have perhaps misrepresented each to the other . it is , in short , impossible for us to conjecture the causes or circumstances which may have alienated them , without actual blame on either side .
17	elizabeth bennet	very true , indeed ; -- and now , my dear jane , what have you got to say in behalf of the interested people who have probably been concerned in the business ? -- do clear _ them _ too , or we shall be obliged to think ill of somebody .
17	jane bennet	laugh as much as you chuse , but you will not laugh me out of my opinion . my dearest lizzy , do but consider in what a disgraceful light it places mr. darcy , to be treating his father 's favourite in such a manner , -- one , whom his father had promised to provide for . -- it is impossible . no man of common humanity , no man who had any value for his character , could be capable of it . can his most intimate friends be so excessively deceived in him ? oh ! no .
17	elizabeth bennet	i can much more easily believe mr. bingley 's being imposed on , than that mr. wickham should invent such a history of himself as he gave me last night ; names , facts , every thing mentioned without ceremony . -- if it be not so , let mr. darcy contradict it . besides , there was truth in his looks .
17	jane bennet	it is difficult indeed -- it is distressing . -- one does not know what to think .
17	elizabeth bennet	i beg your pardon ; -- one knows exactly what to think .
17	mary bennet	while i can have my mornings to myself , [ x ] it is enough . -- i think it no sacrifice to join occasionally in evening engagements . society has claims on us all ; and i profess myself one of those who consider intervals of recreation and amusement as desirable for every body .
17	mr. collins	i am by no means of opinion , i assure you , [ x ] that a ball of this kind , given by a young man of character to respectable people , can have any evil tendency ; and i am so far from objecting to dancing myself , that i shall hope to be honoured with the hands of all my fair cousins in the course of the evening , and i take this opportunity of soliciting yours , miss elizabeth , for the two first dances especially , -- a preference which i trust my cousin jane will attribute to the right cause , and not to any disrespect for her .
18	mr. denny	i do not imagine his business would have called him away just now , if he had not wished to avoid a certain gentleman here .
18	charlotte	i dare say you will find him very agreeable .
18	elizabeth bennet	heaven forbid ! -- _ that _ would be the greatest misfortune of all ! -- to find a man agreeable whom one is determined to hate ! -- do not wish me such an evil .
18	elizabeth bennet	it is _ your _ turn to say something now , mr. darcy . -- _ i _ talked about the dance , and _ you _ ought to make some kind of remark on the size of the room , or the number of couples .
18	elizabeth bennet	very well . -- that reply will do for the present . -- perhaps by and by i may observe that private balls are much pleasanter than public ones . -- but _ now _ we may be silent .
18	mr. darcy	do you talk by rule then , while you are dancing ?
18	elizabeth bennet	sometimes . one must speak a little , you know . it would look odd to be entirely silent for half an hour together , and yet for the advantage of _ some _ , conversation ought to be so arranged as that they may have the trouble of saying as little as as possible .
18	mr. darcy	are you consulting your own feelings in the present case , or do you imagine that you are gratifying mine ?
18	elizabeth bennet	both , [ x ] for i have always seen a great similarity in the turn of our minds . -- we are each of an unsocial , taciturn disposition , unwilling to speak , unless we expect to say something that will amaze the whole room , and be handed down to posterity with all the eclat of a proverb .
18	mr. darcy	this is no very striking resemblance of your own character , i am sure , [ x ] how near it may be to _ mine _ , i can not pretend to say . -- _ you _ think it a faithful portrait undoubtedly .
18	elizabeth bennet	i must not decide on my own performance .
18	elizabeth bennet	when you met us there the other day , we had just been forming a new acquaintance .
18	mr. darcy	mr. wickham is blessed with such happy manners as may ensure his _ making _ friends -- whether he may be equally capable of _ retaining _ them , is less certain .
18	elizabeth bennet	he has been so unlucky as to lose _ your _ friendship , [ x ] and in a manner which he is likely to suffer from all his life .
18	sir william	i have been most highly gratified indeed , my dear sir . such very superior dancing is not often seen . it is evident that you belong to the first circles . allow me to say , however , that your fair partner does not disgrace you , and that i must hope to have this pleasure often repeated , especially when a certain desirable event , my dear miss eliza ( glancing at her sister and bingley ) , shall take place . what congratulations will then flow in ! i appeal to mr. darcy : -- but let me not interrupt you , sir . -- you will not thank me for detaining you from the bewitching converse of that young lady , whose bright eyes are also upbraiding me .
18	mr. darcy	sir william 's interruption has made me forget what we were talking of .
18	elizabeth bennet	i do not think we were speaking at all . sir william could not have interrupted any two people in the room who had less to say for themselves . -- we have tried two or three subjects already without success , and what we are to talk of next i can not imagine .
18	mr. darcy	what think you of books ?
18	elizabeth bennet	books -- oh ! no . -- i am sure we never read the same , or not with the same feelings .
18	mr. darcy	i am sorry you think so ; but if that be the case , there can at least be no want of subject . -- we may compare our different opinions .
18	elizabeth bennet	no -- i can not talk of books in a ball-room ; my head is always full of something else .
18	mr. darcy	the _ present _ always occupies you in such scenes -- does it ?
18	elizabeth bennet	yes , always ,
18	elizabeth bennet	i remember hearing you once say , mr. darcy , that you hardly ever forgave , that your resentment once created was unappeasable . you are very cautious , i suppose , as to its _ being _ _ created _ .
18	mr. darcy	i am ,
18	elizabeth bennet	and never allow yourself to be blinded by prejudice ?
18	mr. darcy	i hope not .
18	elizabeth bennet	it is particularly incumbent on those who never change their opinion , to be secure of judging properly at first .
18	mr. darcy	may i ask to what these questions tend ?
18	elizabeth bennet	merely to the illustration of _ your _ character , [ x ] i am trying to make it out .
18	mr. darcy	and what is your success ?
18	elizabeth bennet	i do not get on at all . i hear such different accounts of you as puzzle me exceedingly .
18	mr. darcy	i can readily believe , [ x ] that report may vary greatly with respect to me ; and i could wish , miss bennet , that you were not to sketch my character at the present moment , as there is reason to fear that the performance would reflect no credit on either .
18	elizabeth bennet	but if i do not take your likeness now , i may never have another opportunity .
18	mr. darcy	i would by no means suspend any pleasure of yours ,
18	caroline bingley	so , miss eliza , i hear you are quite delighted with george wickham ! -- your sister has been talking to me about him , and asking me a thousand questions ; and i find that the young man forgot to tell you , among his other communications , that he was the son of old wickham , the late mr. darcy 's steward . let me recommend you , however , as a friend , not to give implicit confidence to all his assertions ; for as to mr. darcy 's using him ill , it is perfectly false ; for , on the contrary , he has been always remarkably kind to him , though george wickham has treated mr. darcy , in a most infamous manner . i do not know the particulars , but i know very well that mr. darcy is not in the least to blame , that he can not bear to hear george wickham mentioned , and that though my brother thought he could not well avoid including him in his invitation to the officers , he was excessively glad to find that he had taken himself out of the way . his coming into the country at all , is a most insolent thing indeed , and i wonder how he could presume to do it . i pity you , miss eliza , for this discovery of your favorite 's guilt ; but really , considering his descent one could not expect much better .
18	elizabeth bennet	his guilt and his descent appear by your account to be the same , [ x ] for i have heard you accuse him of nothing worse than of being the son of mr. darcy 's steward , and of _ that _ , i can assure you , he informed me himself .
18	caroline bingley	i beg your pardon , [ x ] excuse my interference . -- it was kindly meant .
18	elizabeth bennet	insolent girl ! [ x ] you are much mistaken if you expect to influence me by such a paltry attack as this . i see nothing in it but your own wilful ignorance and the malice of mr. darcy .
18	elizabeth bennet	i want to know , [ x ] what you have learnt about mr. wickham . but perhaps you have been too pleasantly engaged to think of any third person , in which case you may be sure of my pardon .
18	jane bennet	no , [ x ] i have not forgotten him ; but i have nothing satisfactory to tell you . mr. bingley does not know the whole of his history , and is quite ignorant of the circumstances which have principally offended mr. darcy ; but he will vouch for the good conduct , the probity and honour of his friend , and is perfectly convinced that mr. wickham has deserved much less attention from mr. darcy than he has received ; and i am sorry to say that by his account as well as his sister 's , mr. wickham is by no means a respectable young man . i am afraid he has been very imprudent , and has deserved to lose mr. darcy 's regard .
18	elizabeth bennet	mr. bingley does not know mr. wickham himself ?
18	jane bennet	no ; he never saw him till the other morning at meryton .
18	elizabeth bennet	this account then is what he has received from mr. darcy . i am perfectly satisfied . but what does he say of the living ?
18	jane bennet	he does not exactly recollect the circumstances , though he has heard them from mr. darcy more than once , but he believes that it was left to him _ conditionally _ only .
18	elizabeth bennet	i have not a doubt of mr. bingley 's sincerity , [ x ] but you must excuse my not being convinced by assurances only . mr. bingley 's defence of his friend was a very able one i dare say , but since he is unacquainted with several parts of the story , and has learnt the rest from that friend himself , i shall venture still to think of both gentlemen as i did before .
18	mr. collins	i have found out , [ x ] by a singular accident , that there is now in the room a near relation of my patroness . i happened to overhear the gentleman himself mentioning to the young lady who does the honours of this house the names of his cousin miss de bourgh , and of her mother lady catherine . how wonderfully these sort of things occur ! who would have thought of my meeting with -- perhaps -- a nephew of lady catherine de bourgh in this assembly ! -- i am most thankful that the discovery is made in time for me to pay my respects to him , which i am now going to do , and trust he will excuse my not having done it before . my total ignorance of the connection must plead my apology .
18	elizabeth bennet	you are not going to introduce yourself to mr. darcy ?
18	mr. collins	indeed i am . i shall intreat his pardon for not having done it earlier . i believe him to be lady catherine 's _ nephew _ . it will be in my power to assure him that her ladyship was quite well yesterday se ' nnight .
18	mr. collins	my dear miss elizabeth , i have the highest opinion in the world of your excellent judgment in all matters within the scope of your understanding , but permit me to say that there must be a wide difference between the established forms of ceremony amongst the laity , and those which regulate the clergy ; for give me leave to observe that i consider the clerical office as equal in point of dignity with the highest rank in the kingdom -- provided that a proper humility of behaviour is at the same time maintained . you must therefore allow me to follow the dictates of my conscience on this occasion , which leads me to perform what i look on as a point of duty . pardon me for neglecting to profit by your advice , which on every other subject shall be my constant guide , though in the case before us i consider myself more fitted by education and habitual study to decide on what is right than a young lady like yourself . apology , hunsford , lady catherine de bourgh .
18	mr. collins	i have no reason , i assure you , [ x ] to be dissatisfied with my reception . mr. darcy seemed much pleased with the attention . he answered me with the utmost civility , and even paid me the compliment of saying that he was so well convinced of lady catherine 's discernment as to be certain she could never bestow a favour unworthily . it was really a very handsome thought . upon the whole , i am much pleased with him .
18	mrs. bennet	what is mr. darcy to me , pray , that i should be afraid of him ? i am sure we owe him no such particular civility as to be obliged to say nothing _ he _ may not like to hear .
18	elizabeth bennet	for heaven 's sake , madam , speak lower . -- what advantage can it be to you to offend mr. darcy ? -- you will never recommend yourself to his friend by so doing .
18	mr. bennet	that will do extremely well , child . you have delighted us long enough . let the other young ladies have time to exhibit .
18	mr. collins	if i , [ x ] were so fortunate as to be able to sing , i should have great pleasure , i am sure , in obliging the company with an air ; for i consider music as a very innocent diversion , and perfectly compatible with the profession of a clergyman . -- i do not mean however to assert that we can be justified in devoting too much of our time to music , for there are certainly other things to be attended to . the rector of a parish has much to do . -- in the first place , he must make such an agreement for tithes as may be beneficial to himself and not offensive to his patron . he must write his own sermons ; and the time that remains will not be too much for his parish duties , and the care and improvement of his dwelling , which he can not be excused from making as comfortable as possible . and i do not think it of light importance that he should have attentive and conciliatory manners towards every body , especially towards those to whom he owes his preferment . i can not acquit him of that duty ; nor could i think well of the man who should omit an occasion of testifying his respect towards any body connected with the family .
18	lydia bennet	lord how tired i am !
19	mr. collins	may i hope , madam , for your interest with your fair daughter elizabeth , when i solicit for the honour of a private audience with her in the course of this morning ?
19	mrs. bennet	oh dear ! -- yes -- certainly . -- i am sure lizzy will be very happy -- i am sure she can have no objection . -- come , kitty , i want you up stairs .
19	elizabeth bennet	dear ma'am , do not go . -- i beg you will not go . -- mr. collins must excuse me . -- he can have nothing to say to me that any body need not hear . i am going away myself .
19	mrs. bennet	no , no , nonsense , lizzy . -- i desire you will stay where you are . [ x ] lizzy , i _ insist _ upon your staying and hearing mr. collins .
19	mr. collins	believe me , my dear miss elizabeth , that your modesty , so far from doing you any disservice , rather adds to your other perfections . you would have been less amiable in my eyes had there not been this little unwillingness ; but allow me to assure you that i have your respected mother 's permission for this address . you can hardly doubt the purport of my discourse , however your natural delicacy may lead you to dissemble ; my attentions have been too marked to be mistaken . almost as soon as i entered the house i singled you out as the companion of my future life . but before i am run away with by my feelings on this subject , perhaps it will be advisable for me to state my reasons for marrying -- and moreover for coming into hertfordshire with the design of selecting a wife , as i certainly did .
19	mr. collins	my reasons for marrying are , first , that i think it a right thing for every clergyman in easy circumstances ( like myself ) to set the example of matrimony in his parish . secondly , that i am convinced it will add very greatly to my happiness ; and thirdly -- which perhaps i ought to have mentioned earlier -- that it is the particular advice and recommendation of the very noble lady whom i have the honour of calling patroness . twice has she condescended to give me her opinion ( unasked too ! ) on this subject ; and it was but the very saturday night before i left hunsford -- between our pools at quadrille , while mrs. jenkinson was arranging miss de bourgh 's foot-stool , that she said , " mr. collins , you must marry . a clergyman like you must marry . -- chuse properly , chuse a gentlewoman for _ my _ sake ; and for your _ own _ , let her be an active , useful sort of person , not brought up high , but able to make a small income go a good way . this is my advice . find such a woman as soon as you can , bring her to hunsford , and i will visit her . " allow me , by the way , to observe , my fair cousin , that i do not reckon the notice and kindness of lady catherine de bourgh as among the least of the advantages in my power to offer . you will find her manners beyond any thing i can describe ; and your wit and vivacity i think must be acceptable to her , especially when tempered with the silence and respect which her rank will inevitably excite . thus much for my general intention in favour of matrimony ; it remains to be told why my views were directed to longbourn instead of my own neighbourhood , where i assure you there are many amiable young women . but the fact is , that being , as i am , to inherit this estate after the death of your honoured father ( who , however , may live many years longer ) , i could not satisfy myself without resolving to chuse a wife from among his daughters , that the loss to them might be as little as possible , when the melancholy event takes place -- which , however , as i have already said , may not be for several years . this has been my motive , my fair cousin , and i flatter myself it will not sink me in your esteem . and now nothing remains for me but to assure you in the most animated language of the violence of my affection . to fortune i am perfectly indifferent , and shall make no demand of that nature on your father , since i am well aware that it could not be complied with ; and that one thousand pounds in the 4 per cents , which will not be yours till after your mother 's decease , is all that you may ever be entitled to . on that head , therefore , i shall be uniformly silent ; and you may assure yourself that no ungenerous reproach shall ever pass my lips when we are married .
19	elizabeth bennet	you are too hasty , sir , [ x ] you forget that i have made no answer . let me do it without farther loss of time . accept my thanks for the compliment you are paying me , i am very sensible of the honour of your proposals , but it is impossible for me to do otherwise than decline them .
19	mr. collins	i am not now to learn , [ x ] that it is usual with young ladies to reject the addresses of the man whom they secretly mean to accept , when he first applies for their favour ; and that sometimes the refusal is repeated a second or even a third time . i am therefore by no means discouraged by what you have just said , and shall hope to lead you to the altar ere long .
19	elizabeth bennet	upon my word , sir , [ x ] your hope is rather an extraordinary one after my declaration . i do assure you that i am not one of those young ladies ( if such young ladies there are ) who are so daring as to risk their happiness on the chance of being asked a second time . i am perfectly serious in my refusal . -- you could not make _ me _ happy , and i am convinced that i am the last woman in the world who would make _ you _ so , -- nay , were your friend lady catherine to know me , i am persuaded she would find me in every respect ill qualified for the situation .
19	mr. collins	were it certain that lady catherine would think so , [ x ] but i can not imagine that her ladyship would at all disapprove of you . and you may be certain that when i have the honour of seeing her again i shall speak in the highest terms of your modesty , economy , and other amiable qualifications .
19	elizabeth bennet	indeed , mr. collins , all praise of me will be unnecessary . you must give me leave to judge for myself , and pay me the compliment of believing what i say . i wish you very happy and very rich , and by refusing your hand , do all in my power to prevent your being otherwise . in making me the offer , you must have satisfied the delicacy of your feelings with regard to my family , and may take possession of longbourn estate whenever it falls , without any self-reproach . this matter may be considered , therefore , as finally settled .
19	mr. collins	when i do myself the honour of speaking to you next on this subject i shall hope to receive a more favourable answer than you have now given me ; though i am far from accusing you of cruelty at present , because i know it to be the established custom of your sex to reject a man on the first application , and perhaps you have even now said as much to encourage my suit as would be consistent with the true delicacy of the female character .
19	elizabeth bennet	really , mr. collins , [ x ] you puzzle me exceedingly . if what i have hitherto said can appear to you in the form of encouragement , i know not how to express my refusal in such a way as may convince you of its being one .
19	mr. collins	you must give me leave to flatter myself , my dear cousin , that your refusal of my addresses is merely words of course . my reasons for believing it are briefly these : -- it does not appear to me that my hand is unworthy your acceptance , or that the establishment i can offer would be any other than highly desirable . my situation in life , my connections with the family of de bourgh , and my relationship to your own , are circumstances highly in its favor ; and you should take it into farther consideration that in spite of your manifold attractions , it is by no means certain that another offer of marriage may ever be made you . your portion is unhappily so small that it will in all likelihood undo the effects of your loveliness and amiable qualifications . as i must therefore conclude that you are not serious in your rejection of me , i shall chuse to attribute it to your wish of increasing my love by suspense , according to the usual practice of elegant females .
19	elizabeth bennet	i do assure you , sir , that i have no pretension whatever to that kind of elegance which consists in tormenting a respectable man . i would rather be paid the compliment of being believed sincere . i thank you again and again for the honour you have done me in your proposals , but to accept them is absolutely impossible . my feelings in every respect forbid it . can i speak plainer ? do not consider me now as an elegant female intending to plague you , but as a rational creature speaking the truth from her heart .
19	mr. collins	you are uniformly charming ! [ x ] and i am persuaded that when sanctioned by the express authority of both your excellent parents , my proposals will not fail of being acceptable .
20	mrs. bennet	but depend upon it , mr. collins , [ x ] that lizzy shall be brought to reason . i will speak to her about it myself directly . she is a very headstrong foolish girl , and does not know her own interest ; but i will _ make _ her know it .
20	mr. collins	pardon me for interrupting you , madam , [ x ] but if she is really headstrong and foolish , i know not whether she would altogether be a very desirable wife to a man in my situation , who naturally looks for happiness in the marriage state . if therefore she actually persists in rejecting my suit , perhaps it were better not to force her into accepting me , because if liable to such defects of temper , she could not contribute much to my felicity .
20	mrs. bennet	sir , you quite misunderstand me , [ x ] lizzy is only headstrong in such matters as these . in every thing else she is as good natured a girl as ever lived . i will go directly to mr. bennet , and we shall very soon settle it with her , i am sure .
20	mrs. bennet	oh ! mr. bennet , you are wanted immediately ; we are all in an uproar . you must come and make lizzy marry mr. collins , for she vows she will not have him , and if you do not make haste he will change his mind and not have _ her _ .
20	mr. bennet	i have not the pleasure of understanding you , [ x ] of what are you talking ?
20	mrs. bennet	of mr. collins and lizzy . lizzy declares she will not have mr. collins , and mr. collins begins to say that he will not have lizzy .
20	mr. bennet	and what am i to do on the occasion ? -- it seems an hopeless business .
20	mrs. bennet	speak to lizzy about it yourself . tell her that you insist upon her marrying him .
20	mr. bennet	let her be called down . she shall hear my opinion .
20	mr. bennet	come here , child , [ x ] i have sent for you on an affair of importance . i understand that mr. collins has made you an offer of marriage . is it true ? [ x ] very well -- and this offer of marriage you have refused ?
20	elizabeth bennet	i have , sir .
20	mr. bennet	very well . we now come to the point . your mother insists upon your accepting it . is not it so , mrs. bennet ?
20	mrs. bennet	yes , or i will never see her again .
20	mr. bennet	an unhappy alternative is before you , elizabeth . from this day you must be a stranger to one of your parents . -- your mother will never see you again if you do _ not _ marry mr. collins , and i will never see you again if you _ do _ .
20	mrs. bennet	what do you mean , mr. bennet , by talking in this way ? you promised me to insist upon her marrying him .
20	mr. bennet	my dear , [ x ] i have two small favours to request . first , that you will allow me the free use of my understanding on the present occasion ; and secondly , of my room . i shall be glad to have the library to myself as soon as may be .
20	lydia bennet	i am glad you are come , for there is such fun here ! -- what do you think has happened this morning ? -- mr. collins has made an offer to lizzy , and she will not have him .
20	mrs. bennet	pray do , my dear miss lucas , [ x ] for nobody is on my side , nobody takes part with me , i am cruelly used , nobody feels for my poor nerves .
20	mrs. bennet	aye , there she comes , [ x ] looking as unconcerned as may be , and caring no more for us than if we were at york , provided she can have her own way . -- but i tell you what , miss lizzy , if you take it into your head to go on refusing every offer of marriage in this way , you will never get a husband at all -- and i am sure i do not know who is to maintain you when your father is dead . -- _ i _ shall not be able to keep you -- and so i warn you . -- i have done with you from this very day . -- i told you in the library , you know , that i should never speak to you again , and you will find me as good as my word . i have no pleasure in talking to undutiful children , -- not that i have much pleasure indeed in talking to any body . people who suffer as i do from nervous complaints can have no great inclination for talking . nobody can tell what i suffer ! -- but it is always so . those who do not complain are never pitied .
20	mrs. bennet	now , i do insist upon it , that you , all of you , hold your tongues , and let mr. collins and me have a little conversation together .
20	mrs. bennet	oh ! mr. collins !
20	mr. collins	my dear madam , [ x ] let us be for ever silent on this point . far be it from me , [ x ] to resent the behaviour of your daughter . resignation to inevitable evils is the duty of us all ; the peculiar duty of a young man who has been so fortunate as i have been in early preferment ; and i trust i am resigned . perhaps not the less so from feeling a doubt of my positive happiness had my fair cousin honoured me with her hand ; for i have often observed that resignation is never so perfect as when the blessing denied begins to lose somewhat of its value in our estimation . you will not , i hope , consider me as shewing any disrespect to your family , my dear madam , by thus withdrawing my pretensions to your daughter 's favour , without having paid yourself and mr. bennet the compliment of requesting you to interpose your authority in my behalf . my conduct may , i fear , be objectionable in having accepted my dismission from your daughter 's lips instead of your own . but we are all liable to error . i have certainly meant well through the whole affair . my object has been to secure an amiable companion for myself , with due consideration for the advantage of all your family , and if my _ manner _ has been at all reprehensible , i here beg leave to apologise .
21	mr. wickham	i found , [ x ] as the time drew near , that i had better not meet mr. darcy ; -- that to be in the same room , the same party with him for so many hours together , might be more than i could bear , and that scenes might arise unpleasant to more than myself .
21	jane bennet	this is from caroline bingley ; what it contains , has surprised me a good deal . the whole party have left netherfield by this time , and are on their way to town ; and without any intention of coming back again . you shall hear what she says .
21	caroline bingley	i do not pretend to regret any thing i shall leave in hertfordshire , except your society , my dearest friend ; but we will hope at some future period , to enjoy many returns of the delightful intercourse we have known , and in the mean while may lessen the pain of separation by a very frequent and most unreserved correspondence . i depend on you for that .
21	elizabeth bennet	it is unlucky , [ x ] that you should not be able to see your friends before they leave the country . but may we not hope that the period of future happiness to which miss bingley looks forward , may arrive earlier than she is aware , and that the delightful intercourse you have known as friends , will be renewed with yet greater satisfaction as sisters ? -- mr. bingley will not be detained in london by them .
21	jane bennet	caroline decidedly says that none of the party will return into hertfordshire this winter . i will read it to you --
21	caroline bingley	when my brother left us yesterday , he imagined that the business which took him to london , might be concluded in three or four days , but as we are certain it can not be so , and at the same time convinced that when charles gets to town he will be in no hurry to leave it again , we have determined on following him thither , that he may not be obliged to spend his vacant hours in a comfortless hotel . many of my acquaintance are already there for the winter ; i wish i could hear that you , my dearest friend , had any intention of making one in the croud , but of that i despair . i sincerely hope your christmas in hertfordshire may abound in the gaieties which that season generally brings , and that your beaux will be so numerous as to prevent your feeling the loss of the three of whom we shall deprive you .
21	jane bennet	it is evident by this , [ x ] that he comes back no more this winter .
21	elizabeth bennet	it is only evident that miss bingley does not mean he _ should _ .
21	caroline bingley	why will you think so ? it must be his own doing . -- he is his own master . but you do not know _ all _ . i _ will _ read you the passage which particularly hurts me . i will have no reserves from _ you _ . [ x ] mr. darcy is impatient to see his sister , and to confess the truth , we are scarcely less eager to meet her again . i really do not think georgiana darcy has her equal for beauty , elegance , and accomplishments ; and the affection she inspires in louisa and myself is heightened into something still more interesting , from the hope we dare to entertain of her being hereafter our sister . i do not know whether i ever before mentioned to you my feelings on this subject , but i will not leave the country without confiding them , and i trust you will not esteem them unreasonable . my brother admires her greatly already , he will have frequent opportunity now of seeing her on the most intimate footing , her relations all wish the connection as much as his own , and a sister 's partiality is not misleading me , i think , when i call charles most capable of engaging any woman 's heart . with all these circumstances to favour an attachment and nothing to prevent it , am i wrong , my dearest jane , in indulging the hope of an event which will secure the happiness of so many ?
21	jane bennet	what think you of _ this _ sentence , my dear lizzy ? [ x ] is it not clear enough ? -- does it not expressly declare that caroline neither expects nor wishes me to be her sister ; that she is perfectly convinced of her brother 's indifference , and that if she suspects the nature of my feelings for him , she means ( most kindly ! ) to put me on my guard ? can there be any other opinion on the subject ?
21	elizabeth bennet	yes , there can ; for mine is totally different . -- will you hear it ?
21	jane bennet	most willingly .
21	elizabeth bennet	you shall have it in few words . miss bingley sees that her brother is in love with you , and wants him to marry miss darcy . she follows him to town in the hope of keeping him there , and tries to persuade you that he does not care about you .
21	elizabeth bennet	indeed , jane , you ought to believe me . -- no one who has ever seen you together , can doubt his affection . miss bingley i am sure can not . she is not such a simpleton . could she have seen half as much love in mr. darcy for herself , she would have ordered her wedding clothes . but the case is this . we are not rich enough , or grand enough for them ; and she is the more anxious to get miss darcy for her brother , from the notion that when there has been one intermarriage , she may have less trouble in achieving a second ; in which there is certainly some ingenuity , and i dare say it would succeed , if miss de bourgh were out of the way . but , my dearest jane , you can not seriously imagine that because miss bingley tells you her brother greatly admires miss darcy , he is in the smallest degree less sensible of _ your _ merit than when he took leave of you on tuesday , or that it will be in her power to persuade him that instead of being in love with you , he is very much in love with her friend .
21	jane bennet	if we thought alike of miss bingley , [ x ] your representation of all this , might make me quite easy . but i know the foundation is unjust . caroline is incapable of wilfully deceiving any one ; and all that i can hope in this case is , that she is deceived herself .
21	elizabeth bennet	that is right . -- you could not have started a more happy idea , since you will not take comfort in mine . believe her to be deceived by all means . you have now done your duty by her , and must fret no longer .
21	jane bennet	but , my dear sister , can i be happy , even supposing the best , in accepting a man whose sisters and friends are all wishing him to marry elsewhere ?
21	elizabeth bennet	you must decide for yourself , [ x ] and if , upon mature deliberation , you find that the misery of disobliging his two sisters is more than equivalent to the happiness of being his wife , i advise you by all means to refuse him .
21	jane bennet	how can you talk so ? [ x ] you must know that though i should be exceedingly grieved at their disapprobation , i could not hesitate .
21	elizabeth bennet	i did not think you would ; -- and that being the case , i can not consider your situation with much compassion .
21	jane bennet	but if he returns no more this winter , my choice will never be required . a thousand things may arise in six months !
22	elizabeth bennet	it keeps him in good humour , [ x ] and i am more obliged to you than i can express .
22	mr. collins	my dear madam , [ x ] this invitation is particularly gratifying , because it is what i have been hoping to receive ; and you may be very certain that i shall avail myself of it as soon as possible .
22	mr. bennet	but is there not danger of lady catherine 's disapprobation here , my good sir ? -- you had better neglect your relations , than run the risk of offending your patroness .
22	mr. collins	my dear sir , [ x ] i am particularly obliged to you for this friendly caution , and you may depend upon my not taking so material a step without her ladyship 's concurrence .
22	mr. bennet	you can not be too much on your guard . risk any thing rather than her displeasure ; and if you find it likely to be raised by your coming to us again , which i should think exceedingly probable , stay quietly at home , and be satisfied that we shall take no offence .
22	mr. collins	believe me , my dear sir , my gratitude is warmly excited by such affectionate attention ; and depend upon it , you will speedily receive from me a letter of thanks for this , as well as for every other mark of your regard during my stay in hertfordshire . as for my fair cousins , though my absence may not be long enough to render it necessary , i shall now take the liberty of wishing them health and happiness , not excepting my cousin elizabeth .
22	elizabeth bennet	engaged to mr. collins ! my dear charlotte , -- impossible !
22	charlotte	why should you be surprised , my dear eliza ? -- do you think it incredible that mr. collins should be able to procure any woman 's good opinion , because he was not so happy as to succeed with you ?
22	charlotte	i see what you are feeling , [ x ] you must be surprised , very much surprised , -- so lately as mr. collins was wishing to marry you . but when you have had time to think it all over , i hope you will be satisfied with what i have done . i am not romantic , you know . i never was . i ask only a comfortable home ; and considering mr. collins 's character , connections , and situation in life , i am convinced that my chance of happiness with him is as fair as most people can boast on entering the marriage state .
22	elizabeth bennet	undoubtedly ;
23	lydia bennet	good lord ! sir william , how can you tell such a story ? -- do not you know that mr. collins wants to marry lizzy ?
23	mrs. bennet	indeed , mr. bennet , [ x ] it is very hard to think that charlotte lucas should ever be mistress of this house , that _ i _ should be forced to make way for _ her _ , and live to see her take my place in it !
23	mr. bennet	my dear , do not give way to such gloomy thoughts . let us hope for better things . let us flatter ourselves that _ i _ may be the survivor .
23	mrs. bennet	i can not bear to think that they should have all this estate , if it was not for the entail i should not mind it .
23	mr. bennet	what should not you mind ?
23	mrs. bennet	i should not mind any thing at all .
23	mr. bennet	let us be thankful that you are preserved from a state of such insensibility .
23	mrs. bennet	i never can be thankful , mr. bennet , for any thing about the entail . how any one could have the conscience to entail away an estate from one 's own daughters i can not understand ; and all for the sake of mr. collins too ! -- why should _ he _ have it more than anybody else ?
23	mr. bennet	i leave it to yourself to determine ,
24	jane bennet	oh ! that my dear mother had more command over herself ; she can have no idea of the pain she gives me by her continual reflections on him . but i will not repine . it can not last long . he will be forgot , and we shall all be as we were before .
24	jane bennet	you doubt me , [ x ] indeed you have no reason . he may live in my memory as the most amiable man of my acquaintance , but that is all . i have nothing either to hope or fear , and nothing to reproach him with . thank god ! i have not _ that _ pain . a little time therefore . -- i shall certainly try to get the better .
24	jane bennet	i have this comfort immediately , that it has not been more than an error of fancy on my side , and that it has done no harm to any one but myself .
24	elizabeth bennet	my dear jane ! [ x ] you are too good . your sweetness and disinterestedness are really angelic ; i do not know what to say to you . i feel as if i had never done you justice , or loved you as you deserve .
24	elizabeth bennet	nay , [ x ] this is not fair . _ you _ wish to think all the world respectable , and are hurt if i speak ill of any body . _ i _ only want to think _ you _ perfect , and you set yourself against it . do not be afraid of my running into any excess , of my encroaching on your privilege of universal good will . you need not . there are few people whom i really love , and still fewer of whom i think well . the more i see of the world , the more am i dissatisfied with it ; and every day confirms my belief of the inconsistency of all human characters , and of the little dependence that can be placed on the appearance of either merit or sense . i have met with two instances lately ; one i will not mention ; the other is charlotte 's marriage . it is unaccountable ! in every view it is unaccountable !
24	jane bennet	my dear lizzy , do not give way to such feelings as these . they will ruin your happiness . you do not make allowance enough for difference of situation and temper . consider mr. collins 's respectability , and charlotte 's prudent , steady character . remember that she is one of a large family ; that as to fortune , it is a most eligible match ; and be ready to believe , for every body 's sake , that she may feel something like regard and esteem for our cousin .
24	elizabeth bennet	to oblige you , i would try to believe almost any thing , but no one else could be benefited by such a belief as this ; for were i persuaded that charlotte had any regard for him , i should only think worse of her understanding , than i now do of her heart . my dear jane , mr. collins is a conceited , pompous , narrow-minded , silly man ; you know he is , as well as i do ; and you must feel , as well as i do , that the woman who marries him , can not have a proper way of thinking . you shall not defend her , though it is charlotte lucas . you shall not , for the sake of one individual , change the meaning of principle and integrity , nor endeavour to persuade yourself or me that selfishness is prudence , and insensibility of danger , security for happiness .
24	jane bennet	i must think your language too strong in speaking of both , [ x ] and i hope you will be convinced of it , by seeing them happy together . but enough of this . you alluded to something else . you mentioned two instances . i can not misunderstand you , but i intreat you , dear lizzy , not to pain me by thinking _ that _ _ person _ to blame , and saying your opinion of him is sunk . we must not be so ready to fancy ourselves intentionally injured . we must not expect a lively young man to be always so guarded and circumspect . it is very often nothing but our own vanity that deceives us . women fancy admiration means more than it does .
24	elizabeth bennet	and men take care that they should .
24	jane bennet	if it is designedly done , they can not be justified ; but i have no idea of there being so much design in the world as some persons imagine .
24	elizabeth bennet	i am far from attributing any part of mr. bingley 's conduct to design , [ x ] but without scheming to do wrong , or to make others unhappy , there may be error , and there may be misery . thoughtlessness , want of attention to other people 's feelings , and want of resolution , will do the business .
24	jane bennet	and do you impute it to either of those ?
24	elizabeth bennet	yes ; to the last . but if i go on , i shall displease you by saying what i think of persons you esteem . stop me whilst you can .
24	jane bennet	you persist , then , in supposing his sisters influence him .
24	elizabeth bennet	yes , in conjunction with his friend .
24	jane bennet	i can not believe it . why should they try to influence him ? they can only wish his happiness , and if he is attached to me , no other woman can secure it .
24	elizabeth bennet	your first position is false . they may wish many things besides his happiness ; they may wish his increase of wealth and consequence ; they may wish him to marry a girl who has all the importance of money , great connections , and pride .
24	jane bennet	beyond a doubt , they _ do _ wish him to chuse miss darcy , [ x ] but this may be from better feelings than you are supposing . they have known her much longer than they have known me ; no wonder if they love her better . but , whatever may be their own wishes , it is very unlikely they should have opposed their brother 's . what sister would think herself at liberty to do it , unless there were something very objectionable ? if they believed him attached to me , they would not try to part us ; if he were so , they could not succeed . by supposing such an affection , you make every body acting unnaturally and wrong , and me most unhappy . do not distress me by the idea . i am not ashamed of having been mistaken -- or , at least , it is slight , it is nothing in comparison of what i should feel in thinking ill of him or his sisters . let me take it in the best light , in the light in which it may be understood .
24	mr. bennet	so , lizzy , [ x ] your sister is crossed in love i find . i congratulate her . next to being married , a girl likes to be crossed in love a little now and then . it is something to think of , and gives her a sort of distinction among her companions . when is your turn to come ? you will hardly bear to be long outdone by jane . now is your time . here are officers enough at meryton to disappoint all the young ladies in the country . let wickham be _ your _ man . he is a pleasant fellow , and would jilt you creditably .
24	elizabeth bennet	thank you , sir , but a less agreeable man would satisfy me . we must not all expect jane 's good fortune .
24	mr. bennet	true , [ x ] but it is a comfort to think that , whatever of that kind may befall you , you have an affectionate mother who will always make the most of it .
25	mrs. bennet	i do not blame jane , [ x ] for jane would have got mr. bingley , if she could . but , lizzy ! oh , sister ! it is very hard to think that she might have been mr. collins 's wife by this time , had not it been for her own perverseness . he made her an offer in this very room , and she refused him . the consequence of it is , that lady lucas will have a daughter married before i have , and that longbourn estate is just as much entailed as ever . the lucases are very artful people indeed , sister . they are all for what they can get . i am sorry to say it of them , but so it is . it makes me very nervous and poorly , to be thwarted so in my own family , and to have neighbours who think of themselves before anybody else . however , your coming just at this time is the greatest of comforts , and i am very glad to hear what you tell us , of long sleeves .
25	mrs. gardiner	it seems likely to have been a desirable match for jane , [ x ] i am sorry it went off . but these things happen so often ! a young man , such as you describe mr. bingley , so easily falls in love with a pretty girl for a few weeks , and when accident separates them , so easily forgets her , that these sort of inconstancies are very frequent .
25	elizabeth bennet	an excellent consolation in its way , [ x ] but it will not do for _ us _ . we do not suffer by accident . it does not often happen that the interference of friends will persuade a young man of independent fortune to think no more of a girl , whom he was violently in love with only a few days before .
25	mrs. gardiner	but that expression of " violently in love " is so hackneyed , so doubtful , so indefinite , that it gives me very little idea . it is as often applied to feelings which arise from an half-hour 's acquaintance , as to a real , strong attachment . pray , how _ violent _ _ was _ mr. bingley 's love ?
25	elizabeth bennet	i never saw a more promising inclination . he was growing quite inattentive to other people , and wholly engrossed by her . every time they met , it was more decided and remarkable . at his own ball he offended two or three young ladies by not asking them to dance , and i spoke to him twice myself without receiving an answer . could there be finer symptoms ? is not general incivility the very essence of love ?
25	mrs. gardiner	oh , yes ! -- of that kind of love which i suppose him to have felt . poor jane ! i am sorry for her , because , with her disposition , she may not get over it immediately . it had better have happened to _ you _ , lizzy ; you would have laughed yourself out of it sooner . but do you think she would be prevailed on to go back with us ? change of scene might be of service -- and perhaps a little relief from home , may be as useful as anything .
25	mrs. gardiner	i hope , [ x ] that no consideration with regard to this young man will influence her . we live in so different a part of town , all our connections are so different , and , as you well know , we go out so little , that it is very improbable they should meet at all , unless he really comes to see her .
25	elizabeth bennet	and _ that _ is quite impossible ; for he is now in the custody of his friend , and mr. darcy would no more suffer him to call on jane in such a part of london -- ! my dear aunt , how could you think of it ? mr. darcy may perhaps have _ heard _ of such a place as gracechurch street , but he would hardly think a month 's ablution enough to cleanse him from its impurities , were he once to enter it ; and depend upon it , mr. bingley never stirs without him .
25	mrs. gardiner	so much the better . i hope they will not meet at all . but does not jane correspond with the sister ? _ she _ will not be able to help calling .
25	elizabeth bennet	she will drop the acquaintance entirely .
26	mrs. gardiner	you are too sensible a girl , lizzy , to fall in love merely because you are warned against it ; and , therefore , i am not afraid of speaking openly . seriously , i would have you be on your guard . do not involve yourself , or endeavour to involve him in an affection which the want of fortune would make so very imprudent . i have nothing to say against _ him _ ; he is a most interesting young man ; and if he had the fortune he ought to have , i should think you could not do better . but as it is -- you must not let your fancy run away with you . you have sense , and we all expect you to use it . your father would depend on _ your _ resolution and good conduct , i am sure . you must not disappoint your father .
26	elizabeth bennet	my dear aunt , this is being serious indeed .
26	mrs. gardiner	yes , and i hope to engage you to be serious likewise .
26	elizabeth bennet	well , then , you need not be under any alarm . i will take care of myself , and of mr. wickham too . he shall not be in love with me , if i can prevent it .
26	mrs. gardiner	elizabeth , you are not serious now .
26	elizabeth bennet	i beg your pardon . i will try again . at present i am not in love with mr. wickham ; no , i certainly am not . but he is , beyond all comparison , the most agreeable man i ever saw -- and if he becomes really attached to me -- i believe it will be better that he should not . i see the imprudence of it . -- oh ! _ that _ abominable mr. darcy ! -- my father 's opinion of me does me the greatest honor ; and i should be miserable to forfeit it . my father , however , is partial to mr. wickham . in short , my dear aunt , i should be very sorry to be the means of making any of you unhappy ; but since we see every day that where there is affection , young people are seldom withheld by immediate want of fortune from entering into engagements with each other , how can i promise to be wiser than so many of my fellow creatures if i am tempted , or how am i even to know that it would be wisdom to resist ? all that i can promise you , therefore , is not to be in a hurry . i will not be in a hurry to believe myself his first object . when i am in company with him , i will not be wishing . in short , i will do my best .
26	mrs. gardiner	perhaps it will be as well , if you discourage his coming here so very often . at least , you should not _ remind _ your mother of inviting him .
26	elizabeth bennet	as i did the other day , [ x ] very true , it will be wise in me to refrain from _ that _ . but do not imagine that he is always here so often . it is on your account that he has been so frequently invited this week . you know my mother 's ideas as to the necessity of constant company for her friends . but really , and upon my honour , i will try to do what i think to be wisest ; and now , i hope you are satisfied .
26	mrs. bennet	_ wished _ they might be happy .
26	charlotte	i shall depend on hearing from you very often , eliza .
26	elizabeth bennet	_ that _ you certainly shall .
26	charlotte	and i have another favour to ask . will you come and see me ?
26	elizabeth bennet	we shall often meet , i hope , in hertfordshire .
26	charlotte	i am not likely to leave kent for some time . promise me , therefore , to come to hunsford .
26	charlotte	my father and maria are to come to me in march , [ x ] and i hope you will consent to be of the party . indeed , eliza , you will be as welcome to me as either of them .
26	jane bennet	my aunt , [ x ] is going to-morrow into that part of the town , and i shall take the opportunity of calling in grosvenor-street .
26	jane bennet	i did not think caroline in spirits , [ x ] but she was very glad to see me , and reproached me for giving her no notice of my coming to london . i was right , therefore ; my last letter had never reached her . i enquired after their brother , of course . he was well , but so much engaged with mr. darcy , that they scarcely ever saw him . i found that miss darcy was expected to dinner . i wish i could see her . my visit was not long , as caroline and mrs. hurst were going out . i dare say i shall soon see them here .
26	jane bennet	my dearest lizzy will , i am sure , be incapable of triumphing in her better judgment , at my expence , when i confess myself to have been entirely deceived in miss bingley 's regard for me . but , my dear sister , though the event has proved you right , do not think me obstinate if i still assert that , considering what her behaviour was , my confidence was as natural as your suspicion . i do not at all comprehend her reason for wishing to be intimate with me , but if the same circumstances were to happen again , i am sure i should be deceived again . caroline did not return my visit till yesterday ; and not a note , not a line , did i receive in the mean time . when she did come , it was very evident that she had no pleasure in it ; she made a slight , formal , apology for not calling before , said not a word of wishing to see me again , and was in every respect so altered a creature , that when she went away i was perfectly resolved to continue the acquaintance no longer . i pity , though i can not help blaming her . she was very wrong in singling me out as she did ; i can safely say , that every advance to intimacy began on her side . but i pity her , because she must feel that she has been acting wrong , and because i am very sure that anxiety for her brother is the cause of it , i need not explain myself farther ; and though we know this anxiety to be quite needless , yet if she feels it , it will easily account for her behaviour to me ; and so deservedly dear as he is to his sister , whatever anxiety she may feel on his behalf is natural and amiable . i can not but wonder , however , at her having any such fears now , because , if he had at all cared about me , we must have met long , long ago . he knows of my being in town , i am certain , from something she said herself ; and yet it should seem by her manner of talking , as if she wanted to persuade herself that he is really partial to miss darcy . i can not understand it . if i were not afraid of judging harshly , i should be almost tempted to say that there is a strong appearance of duplicity in all this . but i will endeavour to banish every painful thought , and think only of what will make me happy : your affection , and the invariable kindness of my dear uncle and aunt . let me hear from you very soon . miss bingley said something of his never returning to netherfield again , of giving up the house , but not with any certainty . we had better not mention it . i am extremely glad that you have such pleasant accounts from our friends at hunsford . pray go to see them , with sir william and maria . i am sure you will be very comfortable there . your 's , & c.
26	elizabeth bennet	i am now convinced , my dear aunt , that i have never been much in love ; for had i really experienced that pure and elevating passion , i should at present detest his very name , and wish him all manner of evil . but my feelings are not only cordial towards _ him _ ; they are even impartial towards miss king . i can not find out that i hate her at all , or that i am in the least unwilling to think her a very good sort of girl . there can be no love in all this . my watchfulness has been effectual ; and though i should certainly be a more interesting object to all my acquaintance , were i distractedly in love with him , i can not say that i regret my comparative insignificance . importance may sometimes be purchased too dearly . kitty and lydia take his defection much more to heart than i do . they are young in the ways of the world , and not yet open to the mortifying conviction that handsome young men must have something to live on , as well as the plain .
27	mrs. gardiner	but , my dear elizabeth , [ x ] what sort of girl is miss king ? i should be sorry to think our friend mercenary .
27	elizabeth bennet	pray , my dear aunt , what is the difference in matrimonial affairs , between the mercenary and the prudent motive ? where does discretion end , and avarice begin ? last christmas you were afraid of his marrying me , because it would be imprudent ; and now , because he is trying to get a girl with only ten thousand pounds , you want to find out that he is mercenary .
27	mrs. gardiner	if you will only tell me what sort of girl miss king is , i shall know what to think .
27	elizabeth bennet	she is a very good kind of girl , i believe . i know no harm of her .
27	mrs. gardiner	but he paid her not the smallest attention , till her grandfather 's death made her mistress of this fortune .
27	elizabeth bennet	no -- why should he ? if it was not allowable for him to gain _ my _ affections , because i had no money , what occasion could there be for making love to a girl whom he did not care about , and who was equally poor ?
27	mrs. gardiner	but there seems indelicacy in directing his attentions towards her , so soon after this event .
27	elizabeth bennet	a man in distressed circumstances has not time for all those elegant decorums which other people may observe . if _ she _ does not object to it , why should _ we _ ?
27	mrs. gardiner	_ her _ not objecting , does not justify _ him _ . it only shews her being deficient in something herself -- sense or feeling .
27	elizabeth bennet	well , [ x ] have it as you choose . _ he _ shall be mercenary , and _ she _ shall be foolish .
27	mrs. gardiner	no , lizzy , that is what i do _ not _ choose . i should be sorry , you know , to think ill of a young man who has lived so long in derbyshire .
27	elizabeth bennet	oh ! if that is all , i have a very poor opinion of young men who live in derbyshire ; and their intimate friends who live in hertfordshire are not much better . i am sick of them all . thank heaven ! i am going to-morrow where i shall find a man who has not one agreeable quality , who has neither manner nor sense to recommend him . stupid men are the only ones worth knowing , after all .
27	mrs. gardiner	take care , lizzy ; that speech savours strongly of disappointment .
27	mrs. gardiner	we have not quite determined how far it shall carry us , [ x ] but perhaps to the lakes .
27	elizabeth bennet	my dear , dear aunt , [ x ] what delight ! what felicity ! you give me fresh life and vigour . adieu to disappointment and spleen . what are men to rocks and mountains ? oh ! what hours of transport we shall spend ! and when we _ do _ return , it shall not be like other travellers , without being able to give one accurate idea of any thing . we _ will _ know where we have gone -- we _ will _ recollect what we have seen . lakes , mountains , and rivers shall not be jumbled together in our imaginations ; nor , when we attempt to describe any particular scene , will we begin quarrelling about its relative situation . let _ our _ first effusions be less insupportable than those of the generality of travellers .
28	mr. collins	yes , miss elizabeth , you will have the honour of seeing lady catherine de bourgh on the ensuing sunday at church , and i need not say you will be delighted with her . she is all affability and condescension , and i doubt not but you will be honoured with some portion of her notice when service is over . i have scarcely any hesitation in saying that she will include you and my sister maria in every invitation with which she honours us during your stay here . her behaviour to my dear charlotte is charming . we dine at rosings twice every week , and are never allowed to walk home . her ladyship 's carriage is regularly ordered for us . i _ should _ say , one of her ladyship 's carriages , for she has several .
28	charlotte	lady catherine is a very respectable , sensible woman indeed , [ x ] and a most attentive neighbour .
28	mr. collins	very true , my dear , that is exactly what i say . she is the sort of woman whom one can not regard with too much deference .
28	maria	oh , my dear eliza ! pray make haste and come into the dining-room , for there is such a sight to be seen ! i will not tell you what it is . make haste , and come down this moment .
28	elizabeth bennet	and is this all ? [ x ] i expected at least that the pigs were got into the garden , and here is nothing but lady catherine and her daughter !
28	maria	la ! my dear , [ x ] it is not lady catherine . the old lady is mrs. jenkinson , who lives with them . the other is miss de bourgh . only look at her . she is quite a little creature . who would have thought she could be so thin and small !
28	elizabeth bennet	she is abominably rude to keep charlotte out of doors in all this wind . why does she not come in ?
28	maria	oh ! charlotte says , she hardly ever does . it is the greatest of favours when miss de bourgh comes in .
28	elizabeth bennet	i like her appearance , [ x ] she looks sickly and cross . -- yes , she will do for him very well . she will make him a very proper wife .
29	mr. collins	i confess , [ x ] that i should not have been at all surprised by her ladyship 's asking us on sunday to drink tea and spend the evening at rosings . i rather expected , from my knowledge of her affability , that it would happen . but who could have foreseen such an attention as this ? who could have imagined that we should receive an invitation to dine there ( an invitation moreover including the whole party ) so immediately after your arrival !
29	sir william	i am the less surprised at what has happened , [ x ] from that knowledge of what the manners of the great really are , which my situation in life has allowed me to acquire . about the court , such instances of elegant breeding are not uncommon .
29	mr. collins	do not make yourself uneasy , my dear cousin , about your apparel . lady catherine is far from requiring that elegance of dress in us , which becomes herself and daughter . i would advise you merely to put on whatever of your clothes is superior to the rest , there is no occasion for any thing more . lady catherine will not think the worse of you for being simply dressed . she likes to have the distinction of rank preserved .
29	lady catherine	your father 's estate is entailed on mr. collins , i think . for your sake , [ x ] i am glad of it ; but otherwise i see no occasion for entailing estates from the female line . -- it was not thought necessary in sir lewis de bourgh 's family . -- do you play and sing , miss bennet ?
29	elizabeth bennet	a little .
29	lady catherine	oh ! then -- some time or other we shall be happy to hear you . our instrument is a capital one , probably superior to -- you shall try it some day . -- do your sisters play and sing ?
29	elizabeth bennet	one of them does .
29	lady catherine	why did not you all learn ? -- you ought all to have learned . the miss webbs all play , and their father has not so good an income as your 's . -- do you draw ?
29	elizabeth bennet	no , not at all .
29	lady catherine	what , none of you ?
29	elizabeth bennet	not one .
29	lady catherine	that is very strange . but i suppose you had no opportunity . your mother should have taken you to town every spring for the benefit of masters .
29	elizabeth bennet	my mother would have had no objection , but my father hates london .
29	lady catherine	has your governess left you ?
29	elizabeth bennet	we never had any governess .
29	lady catherine	no governess ! how was that possible ? five daughters brought up at home without a governess ! -- i never heard of such a thing . your mother must have been quite a slave to your education .
29	lady catherine	then , who taught you ? who attended to you ? without a governess you must have been neglected .
29	elizabeth bennet	compared with some families , i believe we were ; but such of us as wished to learn , never wanted the means . we were always encouraged to read , and had all the masters that were necessary . those who chose to be idle , certainly might .
29	lady catherine	aye , no doubt ; but that is what a governess will prevent , and if i had known your mother , i should have advised her most strenuously to engage one . i always say that nothing is to be done in education without steady and regular instruction , and nobody but a governess can give it . it is wonderful how many families i have been the means of supplying in that way . i am always glad to get a young person well placed out . four nieces of mrs. jenkinson are most delightfully situated through my means ; and it was but the other day that i recommended another young person , who was merely accidentally mentioned to me , and the family are quite delighted with her . mrs. collins , did i tell you of lady metcalfe 's calling yesterday to thank me ? she finds miss pope a treasure . " lady catherine , " said she , " you have given me a treasure . " are any of your younger sisters out , miss bennet ?
29	elizabeth bennet	yes , ma'am , all .
29	lady catherine	all ! -- what , all five out at once ? very odd ! -- and you only the second . -- the younger ones out before the elder are married ! -- your younger sisters must be very young ?
29	elizabeth bennet	yes , my youngest is not sixteen . perhaps _ she _ is full young to be much in company . but really , ma'am , i think it would be very hard upon younger sisters , that they should not have their share of society and amusement because the elder may not have the means or inclination to marry early . -- the last born has as good a right to the pleasures of youth , as the first . and to be kept back on such a motive ! -- i think it would not be very likely to promote sisterly affection or delicacy of mind .
29	lady catherine	upon my word , [ x ] you give your opinion very decidedly for so young a person . -- pray , what is your age ?
29	elizabeth bennet	with three younger sisters grown up , [ x ] your ladyship can hardly expect me to own it .
29	lady catherine	you can not be more than twenty , i am sure , -- therefore you need not conceal your age .
29	elizabeth bennet	i am not one and twenty .
30	charlotte	i may thank you , eliza , for this piece of civility . mr. darcy would never have come so soon to wait upon me .
30	elizabeth bennet	my eldest sister has been in town these three months . have you never happened to see her there ?
31	lady catherine	what is that you are saying , fitzwilliam ? what is it you are talking of ? what are you telling miss bennet ? let me hear what it is .
31	colonel fitzwilliam	we are speaking of music , madam ,
31	lady catherine	of music ! then pray speak aloud . it is of all subjects my delight . i must have my share in the conversation , if you are speaking of music . there are few people in england , i suppose , who have more true enjoyment of music than myself , or a better natural taste . if i had ever learnt , i should have been a great proficient . and so would anne , if her health had allowed her to apply . i am confident that she would have performed delightfully . how does georgiana get on , darcy ?
31	lady catherine	i am very glad to hear such a good account of her , [ x ] and pray tell her from me , that she can not expect to excel , if she does not practise a great deal .
31	mr. darcy	i assure you , madam , [ x ] that she does not need such advice . she practises very constantly .
31	lady catherine	so much the better . it can not be done too much ; and when i next write to her , i shall charge her not to neglect it on any account . i often tell young ladies , that no excellence in music is to be acquired , without constant practice . i have told miss bennet several times , that she will never play really well , unless she practises more ; and though mrs. collins has no instrument , she is very welcome , as i have often told her , to come to rosings every day , and play on the piano forte in mrs. jenkinson 's room . she would be in nobody 's way , you know , in that part of the house .
31	elizabeth bennet	you mean to frighten me , mr. darcy , by coming in all this state to hear me ? but i will not be alarmed though your sister _ does _ play so well . there is a stubbornness about me that never can bear to be frightened at the will of others . my courage always rises with every attempt to intimidate me .
31	mr. darcy	i shall not say that you are mistaken , [ x ] because you could not really believe me to entertain any design of alarming you ; and i have had the pleasure of your acquaintance long enough to know , that you find great enjoyment in occasionally professing opinions which in fact are not your own .
31	elizabeth bennet	your cousin will give you a very pretty notion of me , and teach you not to believe a word i say . i am particularly unlucky in meeting with a person so well able to expose my real character , in a part of the world where i had hoped to pass myself off with some degree of credit . indeed , mr. darcy , it is very ungenerous in you to mention all that you knew to my disadvantage in hertfordshire -- and , give me leave to say , very impolitic too -- for it is provoking me to retaliate , and such things may come out , as will shock your relations to hear .
31	mr. darcy	i am not afraid of you ,
31	colonel fitzwilliam	pray let me hear what you have to accuse him of , [ x ] i should like to know how he behaves among strangers .
31	elizabeth bennet	you shall hear then -- but prepare yourself for something very dreadful . the first time of my ever seeing him in hertfordshire , you must know , was at a ball -- and at this ball , what do you think he did ? he danced only four dances ! i am sorry to pain you -- but so it was . he danced only four dances , though gentlemen were scarce ; and , to my certain knowledge , more than one young lady was sitting down in want of a partner . mr. darcy , you can not deny the fact .
31	mr. darcy	i had not at that time the honour of knowing any lady in the assembly beyond my own party .
31	elizabeth bennet	true ; and nobody can ever be introduced in a ball room . well , colonel fitzwilliam , what do i play next ? my fingers wait your orders .
31	mr. darcy	perhaps , [ x ] i should have judged better , had i sought an introduction , but i am ill qualified to recommend myself to strangers .
31	elizabeth bennet	shall we ask your cousin the reason of this ? [ x ] shall we ask him why a man of sense and education , and who has lived in the world , is ill qualified to recommend himself to strangers ?
31	colonel fitzwilliam	i can answer your question , [ x ] without applying to him . it is because he will not give himself the trouble .
31	mr. darcy	i certainly have not the talent which some people possess , [ x ] of conversing easily with those i have never seen before . i can not catch their tone of conversation , or appear interested in their concerns , as i often see done .
31	elizabeth bennet	my fingers , [ x ] do not move over this instrument in the masterly manner which i see so many women 's do . they have not the same force or rapidity , and do not produce the same expression . but then i have always supposed it to be my own fault -- because i would not take the trouble of practising . it is not that i do not believe _ my _ fingers as capable as any other woman 's of superior execution .
31	mr. darcy	you are perfectly right . you have employed your time much better . no one admitted to the privilege of hearing you , can think any thing wanting . we neither of us perform to strangers .
31	lady catherine	miss bennet would not play at all amiss , if she practised more , and could have the advantage of a london master . she has a very good notion of fingering , though her taste is not equal to anne 's . anne would have been a delightful performer , had her health allowed her to learn .
32	elizabeth bennet	how very suddenly you all quitted netherfield last november , mr. darcy ! it must have been a most agreeable surprise to mr. bingley to see you all after him so soon ; for , if i recollect right , he went but the day before . he and his sisters were well , i hope , when you left london .
32	mr. darcy	perfectly so -- i thank you .
32	elizabeth bennet	i think i have understood that mr. bingley has not much idea of ever returning to netherfield again ?
32	mr. darcy	i have never heard him say so ; but it is probable that he may spend very little of his time there in future . he has many friends , and he is at a time of life when friends and engagements are continually increasing .
32	elizabeth bennet	if he means to be but little at netherfield , it would be better for the neighbourhood that he should give up the place entirely , for then we might possibly get a settled family there . but perhaps mr. bingley did not take the house so much for the convenience of the neighbourhood as for his own , and we must expect him to keep or quit it on the same principle .
32	mr. darcy	i should not be surprised , [ x ] if he were to give it up , as soon as any eligible purchase offers .
32	mr. darcy	this seems a very comfortable house . lady catherine , i believe , did a great deal to it when mr. collins first came to hunsford .
32	elizabeth bennet	i believe she did -- and i am sure she could not have bestowed her kindness on a more grateful object .
32	mr. darcy	mr. collins appears very fortunate in his choice of a wife .
32	elizabeth bennet	yes , indeed ; his friends may well rejoice in his having met with one of the very few sensible women who would have accepted him , or have made him happy if they had . my friend has an excellent understanding -- though i am not certain that i consider her marrying mr. collins as the wisest thing she ever did . she seems perfectly happy , however , and in a prudential light , it is certainly a very good match for her .
32	mr. darcy	it must be very agreeable to her to be settled within so easy a distance of her own family and friends .
32	elizabeth bennet	an easy distance do you call it ? it is nearly fifty miles .
32	mr. darcy	and what is fifty miles of good road ? little more than half a day 's journey . yes , i call it a _ very _ easy distance .
32	elizabeth bennet	i should never have considered the distance as one of the _ advantages _ of the match , [ x ] i should never have said mrs. collins was settled _ near _ her family .
32	mr. darcy	it is a proof of your own attachment to hertfordshire . any thing beyond the very neighbourhood of longbourn , i suppose , would appear far .
32	elizabeth bennet	i do not mean to say that a woman may not be settled too near her family . the far and the near must be relative , and depend on many varying circumstances . where there is fortune to make the expence of travelling unimportant , distance becomes no evil . but that is not the case _ here _ . mr. and mrs. collins have a comfortable income , but not such a one as will allow of frequent journeys -- and i am persuaded my friend would not call herself _ near _ her family under less than _ half _ the present distance .
32	mr. darcy	_ you _ can not have a right to such very strong local attachment . _ you _ can not have been always at longbourn .
32	mr. darcy	are you pleased with kent ?
32	charlotte	what can be the meaning of this ! [ x ] my dear eliza , he must be in love with you , or he would never have called on us in this familiar way .
33	elizabeth bennet	i did not know before that you ever walked this way .
33	colonel fitzwilliam	i have been making the tour of the park , [ x ] as i generally do every year , and intend to close it with a call at the parsonage . are you going much farther ?
33	elizabeth bennet	no , i should have turned in a moment .
33	elizabeth bennet	do you certainly leave kent on saturday ?
33	colonel fitzwilliam	yes -- if darcy does not put it off again . but i am at his disposal . he arranges the business just as he pleases .
33	elizabeth bennet	and if not able to please himself in the arrangement , he has at least great pleasure in the power of choice . i do not know any body who seems more to enjoy the power of doing what he likes than mr. darcy .
33	colonel fitzwilliam	he likes to have his own way very well , [ x ] but so we all do . it is only that he has better means of having it than many others , because he is rich , and many others are poor . i speak feelingly . a younger son , you know , must be inured to self-denial and dependence .
33	elizabeth bennet	in my opinion , the younger son of an earl can know very little of either . now , seriously , what have you ever known of self-denial and dependence ? when have you been prevented by want of money from going wherever you chose , or procuring any thing you had a fancy for ?
33	colonel fitzwilliam	these are home questions -- and perhaps i can not say that i have experienced many hardships of that nature . but in matters of greater weight , i may suffer from the want of money . younger sons can not marry where they like .
33	elizabeth bennet	unless where they like women of fortune , which i think they very often do .
33	colonel fitzwilliam	our habits of expence make us too dependant , and there are not many in my rank of life who can afford to marry without some attention to money .
33	elizabeth bennet	is this , [ x ] meant for me ? [ x ] and pray , what is the usual price of an earl 's younger son ? unless the elder brother is very sickly , i suppose you would not ask above fifty thousand pounds .
33	elizabeth bennet	i imagine your cousin brought you down with him chiefly for the sake of having somebody at his disposal . i wonder he does not marry , to secure a lasting convenience of that kind . but , perhaps his sister does as well for the present , and , as she is under his sole care , he may do what he likes with her .
33	colonel fitzwilliam	no , [ x ] that is an advantage which he must divide with me . i am joined with him in the guardianship of miss darcy .
33	elizabeth bennet	are you , indeed ? and pray what sort of guardians do you make ? does your charge give you much trouble ? young ladies of her age are sometimes a little difficult to manage , and if she has the true darcy spirit , she may like to have her own way .
33	elizabeth bennet	you need not be frightened . i never heard any harm of her ; and i dare say she is one of the most tractable creatures in the world . she is a very great favourite with some ladies of my acquaintance , mrs. hurst and miss bingley . i think i have heard you say that you know them .
33	colonel fitzwilliam	i know them a little . their brother is a pleasant gentleman-like man -- he is a great friend of darcy 's .
33	elizabeth bennet	oh ! yes , [ x ] mr. darcy is uncommonly kind to mr. bingley , and takes a prodigious deal of care of him .
33	colonel fitzwilliam	care of him ! -- yes , i really believe darcy _ does _ take care of him in those points where he most wants care . from something that he told me in our journey hither , i have reason to think bingley very much indebted to him . but i ought to beg his pardon , for i have no right to suppose that bingley was the person meant . it was all conjecture .
33	elizabeth bennet	what is it you mean ?
33	colonel fitzwilliam	it is a circumstance which darcy , of course , would not wish to be generally known , because if it were to get round to the lady 's family , it would be an unpleasant thing .
33	elizabeth bennet	you may depend upon my not mentioning it .
33	colonel fitzwilliam	and remember that i have not much reason for supposing it to be bingley . what he told me was merely this ; that he congratulated himself on having lately saved a friend from the inconveniences of a most imprudent marriage , but without mentioning names or any other particulars , and i only suspected it to be bingley from believing him the kind of young man to get into a scrape of that sort , and from knowing them to have been together the whole of last summer .
33	elizabeth bennet	did mr. darcy give you his reasons for this interference ?
33	colonel fitzwilliam	i understood that there were some very strong objections against the lady .
33	elizabeth bennet	and what arts did he use to separate them ?
33	colonel fitzwilliam	he did not talk to me of his own arts , [ x ] he only told me what i have now told you .
33	elizabeth bennet	i am thinking of what you have been telling me , [ x ] your cousin 's conduct does not suit my feelings . why was he to be the judge ?
33	colonel fitzwilliam	you are rather disposed to call his interference officious ?
33	elizabeth bennet	i do not see what right mr. darcy had to decide on the propriety of his friend 's inclination , or why , upon his own judgment alone , he was to determine and direct in what manner that friend was to be happy . [ x ] but , [ x ] as we know none of the particulars , it is not fair to condemn him . it is not to be supposed that there was much affection in the case .
33	colonel fitzwilliam	that is not an unnatural surmise , [ x ] but it is lessening the honour of my cousin 's triumph very sadly .
33	colonel fitzwilliam	there were some very strong objections against the lady ,
33	elizabeth bennet	to jane herself , [ x ] there could be no possibility of objection . all loveliness and goodness as she is ! her understanding excellent , her mind improved , and her manners captivating . neither could any thing be urged against my father , who , though with some peculiarities , has abilities which mr. darcy himself need not disdain , and respectability which he will probably never reach .
34	mr. darcy	in vain have i struggled . it will not do . my feelings will not be repressed . you must allow me to tell you how ardently i admire and love you .
34	elizabeth bennet	in such cases as this , it is , i believe , the established mode to express a sense of obligation for the sentiments avowed , however unequally they may be returned . it is natural that obligation should be felt , and if i could _ feel _ gratitude , i would now thank you . but i can not -- i have never desired your good opinion , and you have certainly bestowed it most unwillingly . i am sorry to have occasioned pain to any one . it has been most unconsciously done , however , and i hope will be of short duration . the feelings which , you tell me , have long prevented the acknowledgment of your regard , can have little difficulty in overcoming it after this explanation .
34	mr. darcy	and this is all the reply which i am to have the honour of expecting ! i might , perhaps , wish to be informed why , with so little _ endeavour _ at civility , i am thus rejected . but it is of small importance .
34	elizabeth bennet	i might as well enquire , [ x ] why , with so evident a design of offending and insulting me , you chose to tell me that you liked me against your will , against your reason , and even against your character ? was not this some excuse for incivility , if i _ was _ uncivil ? but i have other provocations . you know i have . had not my own feelings decided against you , had they been indifferent , or had they even been favourable , do you think that any consideration would tempt me to accept the man , who has been the means of ruining , perhaps for ever , the happiness of a most beloved sister ?
34	elizabeth bennet	i have every reason in the world to think ill of you . no motive can excuse the unjust and ungenerous part you acted _ there _ . you dare not , you can not deny that you have been the principal , if not the only means of dividing them from each other , of exposing one to the censure of the world for caprice and instability , the other to its derision for disappointed hopes , and involving them both in misery of the acutest kind .
34	elizabeth bennet	can you deny that you have done it ?
34	mr. darcy	i have no wish of denying that i did every thing in my power to separate my friend from your sister , or that i rejoice in my success . towards _ him _ i have been kinder than towards myself .
34	elizabeth bennet	but it is not merely this affair , [ x ] on which my dislike is founded . long before it had taken place , my opinion of you was decided . your character was unfolded in the recital which i received many months ago from mr. wickham . on this subject , what can you have to say ? in what imaginary act of friendship can you here defend yourself ? or under what misrepresentation , can you here impose upon others ?
34	mr. darcy	you take an eager interest in that gentleman 's concerns ,
34	elizabeth bennet	who that knows what his misfortunes have been , can help feeling an interest in him ?
34	mr. darcy	his misfortunes ! [ x ] yes , his misfortunes have been great indeed .
34	elizabeth bennet	and of your infliction , [ x ] you have reduced him to his present state of poverty , comparative poverty . you have withheld the advantages , which you must know to have been designed for him . you have deprived the best years of his life , of that independence which was no less his due than his desert . you have done all this ! and yet you can treat the mention of his misfortunes with contempt and ridicule .
34	mr. darcy	and this , [ x ] is your opinion of me ! this is the estimation in which you hold me ! i thank you for explaining it so fully . my faults , according to this calculation , are heavy indeed ! but perhaps , [ x ] these offences might have been overlooked , had not your pride been hurt by my honest confession of the scruples that had long prevented my forming any serious design . these bitter accusations might have been suppressed , had i with greater policy concealed my struggles , and flattered you into the belief of my being impelled by unqualified , unalloyed inclination -- by reason , by reflection , by every thing . but disguise of every sort is my abhorrence . nor am i ashamed of the feelings i related . they were natural and just . could you expect me to rejoice in the inferiority of your connections ? to congratulate myself on the hope of relations , whose condition in life is so decidedly beneath my own ?
34	elizabeth bennet	you are mistaken , mr. darcy , if you suppose that the mode of your declaration affected me in any other way , than as it spared me the concern which i might have felt in refusing you , had you behaved in a more gentleman-like manner .
34	elizabeth bennet	you could not have made me the offer of your hand in any possible way that would have tempted me to accept it .
34	elizabeth bennet	from the very beginning , from the first moment i may almost say , of my acquaintance with you , your manners , impressing me with the fullest belief of your arrogance , your conceit , and your selfish disdain of the feelings of others , were such as to form that ground-work of disapprobation , on which succeeding events have built so immoveable a dislike ; and i had not known you a month before i felt that you were the last man in the world whom i could ever be prevailed on to marry .
34	mr. darcy	you have said quite enough , madam . i perfectly comprehend your feelings , and have now only to be ashamed of what my own have been . forgive me for having taken up so much of your time , and accept my best wishes for your health and happiness .
35	mr. darcy	i have been walking in the grove some time in the hope of meeting you . will you do me the honour of reading that letter ?
35	mr. darcy	be not alarmed , madam , on receiving this letter , by the apprehension of its containing any repetition of those sentiments , or renewal of those offers , which were last night so disgusting to you . i write without any intention of paining you , or humbling myself , by dwelling on wishes , which , for the happiness of both , can not be too soon forgotten ; and the effort which the formation and the perusal of this letter must occasion should have been spared , had not my character required it to be written and read . you must , therefore , pardon the freedom with which i demand your attention ; your feelings , i know , will bestow it unwillingly , but i demand it of your justice . two offences of a very different nature , and by no means of equal magnitude , you last night laid to my charge . the first mentioned was , that , regardless of the sentiments of either , i had detached mr. bingley from your sister ; -- and the other , that i had , in defiance of various claims , in defiance of honour and humanity , ruined the immediate prosperity , and blasted the prospects of mr. wickham . -- wilfully and wantonly to have thrown off the companion of my youth , the acknowledged favourite of my father , a young man who had scarcely any other dependence than on our patronage , and who had been brought up to expect its exertion , would be a depravity to which the separation of two young persons , whose affection could be the growth of only a few weeks , could bear no comparison . -- but from the severity of that blame which was last night so liberally bestowed , respecting each circumstance , i shall hope to be in future secured , when the following account of my actions and their motives has been read . -- if , in the explanation of them which is due to myself , i am under the necessity of relating feelings which may be offensive to your 's , i can only say that i am sorry . -- the necessity must be obeyed -- and farther apology would be absurd . -- i had not been long in hertfordshire , before i saw , in common with others , that bingley preferred your eldest sister to any other young woman in the country . -- but it was not till the evening of the dance at netherfield that i had any apprehension of his feeling a serious attachment . -- i had often seen him in love before . -- at that ball , while i had the honour of dancing with you , i was first made acquainted , by sir william lucas 's accidental information , that bingley 's attentions to your sister had given rise to a general expectation of their marriage . he spoke of it as a certain event , of which the time alone could be undecided . from that moment i observed my friend 's behaviour attentively ; and i could then perceive that his partiality for miss bennet was beyond what i had ever witnessed in him . your sister i also watched . -- her look and manners were open , cheerful , and engaging as ever , but without any symptom of peculiar regard , and i remained convinced from the evening 's scrutiny , that though she received his attentions with pleasure , she did not invite them by any participation of sentiment . -- if _ you _ have not been mistaken here , _ i _ must have been in an error . your superior knowledge of your sister must make the latter probable . -- if it be so , if i have been misled by such error , to inflict pain on her , your resentment has not been unreasonable . but i shall not scruple to assert that the serenity of your sister 's countenance and air was such as might have given the most acute observer a conviction that , however amiable her temper , her heart was not likely to be easily touched . -- that i was desirous of believing her indifferent is certain , -- but i will venture to say that my investigations and decisions are not usually influenced by my hopes or fears . -- i did not believe her to be indifferent because i wished it ; -- i believed it on impartial conviction , as truly as i wished it in reason . -- my objections to the marriage were not merely those which i last night acknowledged to have required the utmost force of passion to put aside in my own case ; the want of connection could not be so great an evil to my friend as to me . -- but there were other causes of repugnance ; -- causes which , though still existing , and existing to an equal degree in both instances , i had myself endeavoured to forget , because they were not immediately before me . -- these causes must be stated , though briefly . -- the situation of your mother 's family , though objectionable , was nothing in comparison of that total want of propriety so frequently , so almost uniformly , betrayed by herself , by your three younger sisters , and occasionally even by your father . -- pardon me . -- it pains me to offend you . but amidst your concern for the defects of your nearest relations , and your displeasure at this representation of them , let it give you consolation to consider that to have conducted yourselves so as to avoid any share of the like censure is praise no less generally bestowed on you and your eldest sister , than it is honourable to the sense and disposition of both . -- i will only say farther that , from what passed that evening , my opinion of all parties was confirmed , and every inducement heightened , which could have led me before to preserve my friend from what i esteemed a most unhappy connection . -- he left netherfield for london , on the day following , as you , i am certain , remember , with the design of soon returning . -- the part which i acted is now to be explained . -- his sisters ' uneasiness had been equally excited with my own ; our coincidence of feeling was soon discovered ; and , alike sensible that no time was to be lost in detaching their brother , we shortly resolved on joining him directly in london . -- we accordingly went -- and there i readily engaged in the office of pointing out to my friend , the certain evils of such a choice . -- i described , and enforced them earnestly . -- but , however this remonstrance might have staggered or delayed his determination , i do not suppose that it would ultimately have prevented the marriage , had it not been seconded by the assurance , which i hesitated not in giving , of your sister 's indifference . he had before believed her to return his affection with sincere , if not with equal , regard . -- but bingley has great natural modesty , with a stronger dependence on my judgment than on his own . -- to convince him , therefore , that he had deceived himself , was no very difficult point . to persuade him against returning into hertfordshire , when that conviction had been given , was scarcely the work of a moment . -- i can not blame myself for having done thus much . there is but one part of my conduct in the whole affair , on which i do not reflect with satisfaction ; it is that i condescended to adopt the measures of art so far as to conceal from him your sister 's being in town . i knew it myself , as it was known to miss bingley , but her brother is even yet ignorant of it . -- that they might have met without ill consequence is , perhaps , probable ; -- but his regard did not appear to me enough extinguished for him to see her without some danger . -- perhaps this concealment , this disguise , was beneath me . -- it is done , however , and it was done for the best . -- on this subject i have nothing more to say , no other apology to offer . if i have wounded your sister 's feelings , it was unknowingly done ; and though the motives which governed me may to you very naturally appear insufficient , i have not yet learnt to condemn them . -- with respect to that other , more weighty accusation , of having injured mr. wickham , i can only refute it by laying before you the whole of his connection with my family . of what he has _ particularly _ accused me , i am ignorant ; but of the truth of what i shall relate , i can summon more than one witness of undoubted veracity . mr. wickham is the son of a very respectable man , who had for many years the management of all the pemberley estates ; and whose good conduct in the discharge of his trust naturally inclined my father to be of service to him ; and on george wickham , who was his god-son , his kindness was therefore liberally bestowed . my father supported him at school , and afterwards at cambridge ; -- most important assistance , as his own father , always poor from the extravagance of his wife , would have been unable to give him a gentleman 's education . my father was not only fond of this young man 's society , whose manners were always engaging ; he had also the highest opinion of him , and hoping the church would be his profession , intended to provide for him in it . as for myself , it is many , many years since i first began to think of him in a very different manner . the vicious propensities -- the want of principle , which he was careful to guard from the knowledge of his best friend , could not escape the observation of a young man of nearly the same age with himself , and who had opportunities of seeing him in unguarded moments , which mr. darcy could not have . here again i shall give you pain -- to what degree you only can tell . but whatever may be the sentiments which mr. wickham has created , a suspicion of their nature shall not prevent me from unfolding his real character . it adds even another motive . my excellent father died about five years ago ; and his attachment to mr. wickham was to the last so steady , that in his will he particularly recommended it to me to promote his advancement in the best manner that his profession might allow , and , if he took orders , desired that a valuable family living might be his as soon as it became vacant . there was also a legacy of one thousand pounds . his own father did not long survive mine , and within half a year from these events mr. wickham wrote to inform me that , having finally resolved against taking orders , he hoped i should not think it unreasonable for him to expect some more immediate pecuniary advantage , in lieu of the preferment by which he could not be benefited . he had some intention , he added , of studying the law , and i must be aware that the interest of one thousand pounds would be a very insufficient support therein . i rather wished than believed him to be sincere ; but , at any rate , was perfectly ready to accede to his proposal . i knew that mr. wickham ought not to be a clergyman . the business was therefore soon settled . he resigned all claim to assistance in the church , were it possible that he could ever be in a situation to receive it , and accepted in return three thousand pounds . all connection between us seemed now dissolved . i thought too ill of him to invite him to pemberley , or admit his society in town . in town , i believe , he chiefly lived , but his studying the law was a mere pretence , and being now free from all restraint , his life was a life of idleness and dissipation . for about three years i heard little of him ; but on the decease of the incumbent of the living which had been designed for him , he applied to me again by letter for the presentation . his circumstances , he assured me , and i had no difficulty in believing it , were exceedingly bad . he had found the law a most unprofitable study , and was now absolutely resolved on being ordained , if i would present him to the living in question -- of which he trusted there could be little doubt , as he was well assured that i had no other person to provide for , and i could not have forgotten my revered father 's intentions . you will hardly blame me for refusing to comply with this entreaty , or for resisting every repetition of it . his resentment was in proportion to the distress of his circumstances -- and he was doubtless as violent in his abuse of me to others , as in his reproaches to myself . after this period , every appearance of acquaintance was dropt . how he lived i know not . but last summer he was again most painfully obtruded on my notice . i must now mention a circumstance which i would wish to forget myself , and which no obligation less than the present should induce me to unfold to any human being . having said thus much , i feel no doubt of your secrecy . my sister , who is more than ten years my junior , was left to the guardianship of my mother 's nephew , colonel fitzwilliam , and myself . about a year ago , she was taken from school , and an establishment formed for her in london ; and last summer she went with the lady who presided over it , to ramsgate ; and thither also went mr. wickham , undoubtedly by design ; for there proved to have been a prior acquaintance between him and mrs. younge , in whose character we were most unhappily deceived ; and by her connivance and aid he so far recommended himself to georgiana , whose affectionate heart retained a strong impression of his kindness to her as a child , that she was persuaded to believe herself in love , and to consent to an elopement . she was then but fifteen , which must be her excuse ; and after stating her imprudence , i am happy to add that i owed the knowledge of it to herself . i joined them unexpectedly a day or two before the intended elopement ; and then georgiana , unable to support the idea of grieving and offending a brother whom she almost looked up to as a father , acknowledged the whole to me . you may imagine what i felt and how i acted . regard for my sister 's credit and feelings prevented any public exposure , but i wrote to mr. wickham , who left the place immediately , and mrs. younge was of course removed from her charge . mr. wickham 's chief object was unquestionably my sister 's fortune , which is thirty thousand pounds ; but i can not help supposing that the hope of revenging himself on me was a strong inducement . his revenge would have been complete indeed . this , madam , is a faithful narrative of every event in which we have been concerned together ; and if you do not absolutely reject it as false , you will , i hope , acquit me henceforth of cruelty towards mr. wickham . i know not in what manner , under what form of falsehood , he has imposed on you ; but his success is not , perhaps , to be wondered at . ignorant as you previously were of every thing concerning either , detection could not be in your power , and suspicion certainly not in your inclination . you may possibly wonder why all this was not told you last night . but i was not then master enough of myself to know what could or ought to be revealed . for the truth of every thing here related , i can appeal more particularly to the testimony of colonel fitzwilliam , who from our near relationship and constant intimacy , and still more as one of the executors of my father 's will , has been unavoidably acquainted with every particular of these transactions . if your abhorrence of _ me _ should make _ my _ assertions valueless , you can not be prevented by the same cause from confiding in my cousin ; and that there may be the possibility of consulting him , i shall endeavour to find some opportunity of putting this letter in your hands in the course of the morning . i will only add , god bless you . fitzwilliam darcy .
36	elizabeth bennet	this must be false ! this can not be ! this must be the grossest falsehood !
36	elizabeth bennet	how despicably have i acted ! [ x ] i , who have prided myself on my discernment ! -- i , who have valued myself on my abilities ! who have often disdained the generous candour of my sister , and gratified my vanity , in useless or blameable distrust . -- how humiliating is this discovery ! -- yet , how just a humiliation ! -- had i been in love , i could not have been more wretchedly blind . but vanity , not love , has been my folly . -- pleased with the preference of one , and offended by the neglect of the other , on the very beginning of our acquaintance , i have courted prepossession and ignorance , and driven reason away , where either were concerned . till this moment , i never knew myself .
37	elizabeth bennet	what would she have said ? -- how would she have behaved ?
37	lady catherine	i assure you , i feel it exceedingly , [ x ] i believe nobody feels the loss of friends so much as i do . but i am particularly attached to these young men ; and know them to be so much attached to me ! -- they were excessively sorry to go ! but so they always are . the dear colonel rallied his spirits tolerably till just at last ; but darcy seemed to feel it most acutely , more i think than last year . his attachment to rosings , certainly increases .
37	lady catherine	but if that is the case , you must write to your mother to beg that you may stay a little longer . mrs. collins will be very glad of your company , i am sure .
37	elizabeth bennet	i am much obliged to your ladyship for your kind invitation , [ x ] but it is not in my power to accept it . -- i must be in town next saturday .
37	lady catherine	why , at that rate , you will have been here only six weeks . i expected you to stay two months . i told mrs. collins so before you came . there can be no occasion for your going so soon . mrs. bennet could certainly spare you for another fortnight .
37	elizabeth bennet	but my father can not . -- he wrote last week to hurry my return .
37	lady catherine	oh ! your father of course may spare you , if your mother can . -- daughters are never of so much consequence to a father . and if you will stay another _ month _ complete , it will be in my power to take one of you as far as london , for i am going there early in june , for a week ; and as dawson does not object to the barouche box , there will be very good room for one of you -- and indeed , if the weather should happen to be cool , i should not object to taking you both , as you are neither of you large .
37	elizabeth bennet	you are all kindness , madam ; but i believe we must abide by our original plan .
37	lady catherine	mrs. collins , you must send a servant with them . you know i always speak my mind , and i can not bear the idea of two young women travelling post by themselves . it is highly improper . you must contrive to send somebody . i have the greatest dislike in the world to that sort of thing . -- young women should always be properly guarded and attended , according to their situation in life . when my niece georgiana went to ramsgate last summer , i made a point of her having two men servants go with her . -- miss darcy , the daughter of mr. darcy of pemberley , and lady anne , could not have appeared with propriety in a different manner . -- i am excessively attentive to all those things . you must send john with the young ladies , mrs. collins . i am glad it occurred to me to mention it ; for it would really be discreditable to you to let them go alone .
37	elizabeth bennet	my uncle is to send a servant for us .
37	lady catherine	oh ! -- your uncle ! -- he keeps a man-servant , does he ? -- i am very glad you have somebody who thinks of those things . where shall you change horses ? -- oh ! bromley , of course . -- if you mention my name at the bell , you will be attended to .
38	mr. collins	i know not , miss elizabeth , [ x ] whether mrs. collins has yet expressed her sense of your kindness in coming to us , but i am very certain you will not leave the house without receiving her thanks for it . the favour of your company has been much felt , i assure you . we know how little there is to tempt any one to our humble abode . our plain manner of living , our small rooms , and few domestics , and the little we see of the world , must make hunsford extremely dull to a young lady like yourself ; but i hope you will believe us grateful for the condescension , and that we have done every thing in our power to prevent your spending your time unpleasantly .
38	mr. collins	it gives me the greatest pleasure to hear that you have passed your time not disagreeably . we have certainly done our best ; and most fortunately having it in our power to introduce you to very superior society , and , from our connection with rosings , the frequent means of varying the humble home scene , i think we may flatter ourselves that your hunsford visit can not have been entirely irksome . our situation with regard to lady catherine 's family is indeed the sort of extraordinary advantage and blessing which few can boast . you see on what a footing we are . you see how continually we are engaged there . in truth i must acknowledge that , with all the disadvantages of this humble parsonage , i should not think any one abiding in it an object of compassion while they are sharers of our intimacy at rosings .
38	mr. collins	you may , in fact , carry a very favourable report of us into hertfordshire , my dear cousin . i flatter myself , at least , that you will be able to do so . lady catherine 's great attentions to mrs. collins you have been a daily witness of ; and altogether i trust it does not appear that your friend has drawn an unfortunate -- ; but on this point it will be as well to be silent . only let me assure you , my dear miss elizabeth , that i can from my heart most cordially wish you equal felicity in marriage . my dear charlotte and i have but one mind and one way of thinking . there is in every thing a most remarkable resemblance of character and ideas between us . we seem to have been designed for each other .
38	mr. collins	but , [ x ] you will of course wish to have your humble respects delivered to them , with your grateful thanks for their kindness to you while you have been here .
38	maria	good gracious ! [ x ] it seems but a day or two since we first came ! -- and yet how many things have happened !
38	elizabeth bennet	a great many indeed ,
38	maria	we have dined nine times at rosings , besides drinking tea there twice ! -- how much i shall have to tell !
38	elizabeth bennet	and how much i shall have to conceal .
39	kitty and lydia bennet	is not this nice ? is not this an agreeable surprise ?
39	lydia bennet	and we mean to treat you all , [ x ] but you must lend us the money , for we have just spent ours at the shop out there . [ x ] look here , i have bought this bonnet . i do not think it is very pretty ; but i thought i might as well buy it as not . i shall pull it to pieces as soon as i get home , and see if i can make it up any better .
39	lydia bennet	oh ! but there were two or three much uglier in the shop ; and when i have bought some prettier coloured satin to trim it with fresh , i think it will be very tolerable . besides , it will not much signify what one wears this summer after the ---- shire have left meryton , and they are going in a fortnight .
39	elizabeth bennet	are they indeed ?
39	lydia bennet	they are going to be encamped near brighton ; and i do so want papa to take us all there for the summer ! it would be such a delicious scheme , and i dare say would hardly cost any thing at all . mamma would like to go too , of all things ! only think what a miserable summer else we shall have !
39	elizabeth bennet	yes , [ x ] _ that _ would be a delightful scheme , indeed , and completely do for us at once . good heaven ! brighton , and a whole campful of soldiers , to us , who have been overset already by one poor regiment of militia , and the monthly balls of meryton .
39	lydia bennet	now i have got some news for you , [ x ] what do you think ? it is excellent news , capital news , and about a certain person that we all like .
39	lydia bennet	aye , that is just like your formality and discretion . you thought the waiter must not hear , as if he cared ! i dare say he often hears worse things said than i am going to say . but he is an ugly fellow ! i am glad he is gone . i never saw such a long chin in my life . well , but now for my news : it is about dear wickham ; too good for the waiter , is not it ? there is no danger of wickham 's marrying mary king . there 's for you ! she is gone down to her uncle at liverpool ; gone to stay . wickham is safe .
39	elizabeth bennet	and mary king is safe ! [ x ] safe from a connection imprudent as to fortune .
39	lydia bennet	she is a great fool for going away , if she liked him .
39	jane bennet	but i hope there is no strong attachment on either side ,
39	lydia bennet	i am sure there is not on _ his _ . i will answer for it he never cared three straws about her . who _ could _ about such a nasty little freckled thing ?
39	lydia bennet	how nicely we are crammed in ! [ x ] i am glad i bought my bonnet , if it is only for the fun of having another bandbox ! well , now let us be quite comfortable and snug , and talk and laugh all the way home . and in the first place , let us hear what has happened to you all , since you went away . have you seen any pleasant men ? have you had any flirting ? i was in great hopes that one of you would have got a husband before you came back . jane will be quite an old maid soon , i declare . she is almost three and twenty ! lord , how ashamed i should be of not being married before three and twenty ! my aunt philips wants you so to get husbands , you ca n't think . she says lizzy had better have taken mr. collins ; but _ i _ do not think there would have been any fun in it . lord ! how i should like to be married before any of you ; and then i would chaperon you about to all the balls . dear me ! we had such a good piece of fun the other day at colonel foster 's . kitty and me were to spend the day there , and mrs. forster promised to have a little dance in the evening ( by the bye , mrs. forster and me are _ such _ friends ! ) ; and so she asked the two harringtons to come , but harriet was ill , and so pen was forced to come by herself ; and then , what do you think we did ? we dressed up chamberlayne in woman 's clothes , on purpose to pass for a lady , -- only think what fun ! not a soul knew of it but col. and mrs. forster , and kitty and me , except my aunt , for we were forced to borrow one of her gowns ; and you can not imagine how well he looked ! when denny , and wickham , and pratt , and two or three more of the men came in , they did not know him in the least . lord ! how i laughed ! and so did mrs. forster . i thought i should have died . and _ that _ made the men suspect something , and then they soon found out what was the matter .
39	mr. bennet	i am glad you are come back , lizzy .
39	lydia bennet	oh ! mary , [ x ] i wish you had gone with us , for we had such fun ! as we went along , kitty and me drew up all the blinds , and pretended there was nobody in the coach ; and i should have gone so all the way , if kitty had not been sick ; and when we got to the george , i do think we behaved very handsomely , for we treated the other three with the nicest cold luncheon in the world , and if you would have gone , we would have treated you too . and then when we came away it was such fun ! i thought we never should have got into the coach . i was ready to die of laughter . and then we were so merry all the way home ! we talked and laughed so loud , that any body might have heard us ten miles off !
39	mary bennet	far be it from me , my dear sister , to depreciate such pleasures . they would doubtless be congenial with the generality of female minds . but i confess they would have no charms for me . i should infinitely prefer a book .
40	jane bennet	his being so sure of succeeding , was wrong , [ x ] and certainly ought not to have appeared ; but consider how much it must increase his disappointment .
40	elizabeth bennet	indeed , [ x ] i am heartily sorry for him ; but he has other feelings which will probably soon drive away his regard for me . you do not blame me , however , for refusing him ?
40	jane bennet	blame you ! oh , no .
40	elizabeth bennet	but you blame me for having spoken so warmly of wickham .
40	jane bennet	no -- i do not know that you were wrong in saying what you did .
40	elizabeth bennet	but you _ will _ know it , when i have told you what happened the very next day .
40	elizabeth bennet	this will not do , [ x ] you never will be able to make both of them good for any thing . take your choice , but you must be satisfied with only one . there is but such a quantity of merit between them ; just enough to make one good sort of man ; and of late it has been shifting about pretty much . for my part , i am inclined to believe it all mr. darcy 's , but you shall do as you chuse .
40	jane bennet	i do not know when i have been more shocked , [ x ] wickham so very bad ! it is almost past belief . and poor mr. darcy ! dear lizzy , only consider what he must have suffered . such a disappointment ! and with the knowledge of your ill opinion too ! and having to relate such a thing of his sister ! it is really too distressing . i am sure you must feel it so .
40	elizabeth bennet	oh ! no , my regret and compassion are all done away by seeing you so full of both . i know you will do him such ample justice , that i am growing every moment more unconcerned and indifferent . your profusion makes me saving ; and if you lament over him much longer , my heart will be as light as a feather .
40	jane bennet	poor wickham ; there is such an expression of goodness in his countenance ! such an openness and gentleness in his manner .
40	elizabeth bennet	there certainly was some great mismanagement in the education of those two young men . one has got all the goodness , and the other all the appearance of it .
40	jane bennet	i never thought mr. darcy so deficient in the _ appearance _ of it as you used to do .
40	elizabeth bennet	and yet i meant to be uncommonly clever in taking so decided a dislike to him , without any reason . it is such a spur to one 's genius , such an opening for wit to have a dislike of that kind . one may be continually abusive without saying any thing just ; but one can not be always laughing at a man without now and then stumbling on something witty .
40	jane bennet	lizzy when you first read that letter , i am sure you could not treat the matter as you do now .
40	elizabeth bennet	indeed i could not . i was uncomfortable enough . i was very uncomfortable , i may say unhappy . and with no one to speak to of what i felt , no jane to comfort me and say that i had not been so very weak and vain and nonsensical as i knew i had ! oh ! how i wanted you !
40	jane bennet	how unfortunate that you should have used such very strong expressions in speaking of wickham to mr. darcy , for now they _ do _ appear wholly undeserved .
40	elizabeth bennet	certainly . but the misfortune of speaking with bitterness is a most natural consequence of the prejudices i had been encouraging . there is one point on which i want your advice . i want to be told whether i ought , or ought not , to make our acquaintance in general understand wickham 's character .
40	jane bennet	surely there can be no occasion for exposing him so dreadfully . what is your own opinion ?
40	elizabeth bennet	that it ought not to be attempted . mr. darcy has not authorised me to make his communication public . on the contrary , every particular relative to his sister was meant to be kept as much as possible to myself ; and if i endeavour to undeceive people as to the rest of his conduct , who will believe me ? the general prejudice against mr. darcy is so violent , that it would be the death of half the good people in meryton to attempt to place him in an amiable light . i am not equal to it . wickham will soon be gone ; and therefore it will not signify to anybody here , what he really is . sometime hence it will be all found out , and then we may laugh at their stupidity in not knowing it before . at present i will say nothing about it .
40	jane bennet	you are quite right . to have his errors made public might ruin him for ever . he is now perhaps sorry for what he has done , and anxious to re-establish a character . we must not make him desperate .
40	elizabeth bennet	and then , [ x ] if that very improbable event should ever take place , i shall merely be able to tell what bingley may tell in a much more agreeable manner himself . the liberty of communication can not be mine till it has lost all its value !
40	mrs. bennet	well , lizzy , [ x ] what is your opinion _ now _ of this sad business of jane 's ? for my part , i am determined never to speak of it again to anybody . i told my sister philips so the other day . but i can not find out that jane saw any thing of him in london . well , he is a very undeserving young man -- and i do not suppose there is the least chance in the world of her ever getting him now . there is no talk of his coming to netherfield again in the summer ; and i have enquired of every body , too , who is likely to know .
40	elizabeth bennet	i do not believe that he will ever live at netherfield any more .
40	mrs. bennet	oh , well ! it is just as he chooses . nobody wants him to come . though i shall always say that he used my daughter extremely ill ; and if i was her , i would not have put up with it . well , my comfort is , i am sure jane will die of a broken heart , and then he will be sorry for what he has done .
40	mrs. bennet	well , lizzy , [ x ] and so the collinses live very comfortable , do they ? well , well , i only hope it will last . and what sort of table do they keep ? charlotte is an excellent manager , i dare say . if she is half as sharp as her mother , she is saving enough . there is nothing extravagant in _ their _ housekeeping , i dare say .
40	elizabeth bennet	no , nothing at all .
40	mrs. bennet	a great deal of good management , depend upon it . yes , yes . _ they _ will take care not to outrun their income . _ they _ will never be distressed for money . well , much good may it do them ! and so , i suppose , they often talk of having longbourn when your father is dead . they look upon it quite as their own , i dare say , whenever that happens .
40	elizabeth bennet	it was a subject which they could not mention before me .
40	mrs. bennet	no . it would have been strange if they had . but i make no doubt , they often talk of it between themselves . well , if they can be easy with an estate that is not lawfully their own , so much the better . _ i _ should be ashamed of having one that was only entailed on me .
41	kitty and lydia bennet	good heaven ! what is to become of us ! what are we to do ! [ x ] how can you be smiling so , lizzy ?
41	mrs. bennet	i am sure , [ x ] i cried for two days together when colonel millar 's regiment went away . i thought i should have broke my heart .
41	lydia bennet	i am sure i shall break _ mine _ ,
41	mrs. bennet	if one could but go to brighton !
41	lydia bennet	oh , yes ! -- if one could but go to brighton ! but papa is so disagreeable .
41	mrs. bennet	a little sea-bathing would set me up for ever .
41	kitty bennet	and my aunt philips is sure it would do me a great deal of good ,
41	kitty bennet	i can not see why mrs. forster should not ask _ me _ as well as lydia , [ x ] though i am _ not _ her particular friend . i have just as much right to be asked as she has , and more too , for i am two years older .
41	mr. bennet	lydia will never be easy till she has exposed herself in some public place or other , and we can never expect her to do it with so little expense or inconvenience to her family as under the present circumstances .
41	elizabeth bennet	if you were aware , [ x ] of the very great disadvantage to us all , which must arise from the public notice of lydia 's unguarded and imprudent manner ; nay , which has already arisen from it , i am sure you would judge differently in the affair .
41	mr. bennet	already arisen ! [ x ] what , has she frightened away some of your lovers ? poor little lizzy ! but do not be cast down . such squeamish youths as can not bear to be connected with a little absurdity are not worth a regret . come , let me see the list of the pitiful fellows who have been kept aloof by lydia 's folly .
41	elizabeth bennet	indeed you are mistaken . i have no such injuries to resent , it is not of peculiar , but of general evils , which i am now complaining . our importance , our respectability in the world , must be affected by the wild volatility , the assurance and disdain of all restraint which mark lydia 's character . excuse me -- for i must speak plainly . if you , my dear father , will not take the trouble of checking her exuberant spirits , and of teaching her that her present pursuits are not to be the business of her life , she will soon be beyond the reach of amendment . her character will be fixed , and she will , at sixteen , be the most determined flirt that ever made herself and her family ridiculous . a flirt , too , in the worst and meanest degree of flirtation ; without any attraction beyond youth and a tolerable person ; and from the ignorance and emptiness of her mind , wholly unable to ward off any portion of that universal contempt which her rage for admiration will excite . in this danger kitty is also comprehended . she will follow wherever lydia leads . -- vain , ignorant , idle , and absolutely uncontrolled ! oh ! my dear father , can you suppose it possible that they will not be censured and despised wherever they are known , and that their sisters will not be often involved in the disgrace ?
41	mr. bennet	do not make yourself uneasy , my love . wherever you and jane are known , you must be respected and valued ; and you will not appear to less advantage for having a couple of -- or i may say , three -- very silly sisters . we shall have no peace at longbourn if lydia does not go to brighton . let her go then . colonel forster is a sensible man , and will keep her out of any real mischief ; and she is luckily too poor to be an object of prey to any body . at brighton she will be of less importance , even as a common flirt , than she has been here . the officers will find women better worth their notice . let us hope , therefore , that her being there may teach her her own insignificance . at any rate , she can not grow many degrees worse without authorizing us to lock her up for the rest of her life .
41	mr. wickham	how long did you say that he was at rosings ?
41	elizabeth bennet	nearly three weeks .
41	mr. wickham	and you saw him frequently ?
41	elizabeth bennet	yes , almost every day .
41	mr. wickham	his manners are very different from his cousin 's .
41	elizabeth bennet	yes , very different . but i think mr. darcy improves on acquaintance .
41	mr. wickham	indeed ! [ x ] and pray may i ask -- ? [ x ] is it in address that he improves ? has he deigned to add ought of civility to his ordinary style ? for i dare not hope , [ x ] that he is improved in essentials .
41	elizabeth bennet	oh , no ! [ x ] in essentials , i believe , he is very much what he ever was .
41	elizabeth bennet	when i said that he improved on acquaintance , i did not mean that either his mind or manners were in a state of improvement , but that from knowing him better , his disposition was better understood .
41	mr. wickham	you , who so well know my feelings towards mr. darcy , will readily comprehend how sincerely i must rejoice that he is wise enough to assume even the _ appearance _ of what is right . his pride , in that direction , may be of service , if not to himself , to many others , for it must deter him from such foul misconduct as i have suffered by . i only fear that the sort of cautiousness , to which you , i imagine , have been alluding , is merely adopted on his visits to his aunt , of whose good opinion and judgment he stands much in awe . his fear of her has always operated , i know , when they were together ; and a good deal is to be imputed to his wish of forwarding the match with miss de bourgh , which i am certain he has very much at heart .
42	elizabeth bennet	but it is fortunate , [ x ] that i have something to wish for . were the whole arrangement complete , my disappointment would be certain . but here , by my carrying with me one ceaseless source of regret in my sister 's absence , i may reasonably hope to have all my expectations of pleasure realized . a scheme of which every part promises delight , can never be successful ; and general disappointment is only warded off by the defence of some little peculiar vexation .
42	elizabeth bennet	but surely , [ x ] i may enter his county with impunity , and rob it of a few petrified spars without his perceiving me .
42	mrs. gardiner	my love , should not you like to see a place of which you have heard so much ? [ x ] a place too , with which so many of your acquaintance are connected . wickham passed all his youth there , you know .
42	mrs. gardiner	if it were merely a fine house richly furnished , [ x ] i should not care about it myself ; but the grounds are delightful . they have some of the finest woods in the country .
43	elizabeth bennet	and of this place , [ x ] i might have been mistress ! with these rooms i might now have been familiarly acquainted ! instead of viewing them as a stranger , i might have rejoiced in them as my own , and welcomed to them as visitors my uncle and aunt . -- but no , [ x ] that could never be : my uncle and aunt would have been lost to me : i should not have been allowed to invite them .
43	mrs. reynolds	but we expect him tomorrow , with a large party of friends .
43	mrs. reynolds	he is now gone into the army , [ x ] but i am afraid he has turned out very wild .
43	mrs. reynolds	and that , [ x ] is my master -- and very like him . it was drawn at the same time as the other -- about eight years ago .
43	mrs. gardiner	i have heard much of your master 's fine person , [ x ] it is a handsome face . but , lizzy , you can tell us whether it is like or not .
43	mrs. reynolds	does that young lady know mr. darcy ?
43	elizabeth bennet	a little .
43	mrs. reynolds	and do not you think him a very handsome gentleman , ma'am ?
43	elizabeth bennet	yes , very handsome .
43	mrs. reynolds	i am sure _ i _ know none so handsome ; but in the gallery up stairs you will see a finer , larger picture of him than this . this room was my late master 's favourite room , and these miniatures are just as they used to be then . he was very fond of them .
43	mr. gardiner	and is miss darcy as handsome as her brother ?
43	mrs. reynolds	oh ! yes -- the handsomest young lady that ever was seen ; and so accomplished ! -- she plays and sings all day long . in the next room is a new instrument just come down for her -- a present from my master ; she comes here to-morrow with him .
43	mr. gardiner	is your master much at pemberley in the course of the year ?
43	mrs. reynolds	not so much as i could wish , sir ; but i dare say he may spend half his time here ; and miss darcy is always down for the summer months .
43	elizabeth bennet	except , [ x ] when she goes to ramsgate .
43	mr. gardiner	if your master would marry , you might see more of him .
43	mrs. reynolds	yes , sir ; but i do not know when _ that _ will be . i do not know who is good enough for him .
43	elizabeth bennet	it is very much to his credit , i am sure , that you should think so .
43	mrs. reynolds	i say no more than the truth , and what every body will say that knows him , [ x ] i have never had a cross word from him in my life , and i have known him ever since he was four years old .
43	mr. gardiner	there are very few people of whom so much can be said . you are lucky in having such a master .
43	mrs. reynolds	yes , sir , i know i am . if i was to go through the world , i could not meet with a better . but i have always observed that they who are good-natured when children are good-natured when they grow up ; and he was always the sweetest-tempered , most generous-hearted , boy in the world .
43	elizabeth bennet	can this be mr. darcy !
43	mrs. gardiner	his father was an excellent man ,
43	mrs. reynolds	yes , ma'am , that he was indeed ; and his son will be just like him -- just as affable to the poor .
43	mrs. reynolds	he is the best landlord , and the best master , [ x ] that ever lived . not like the wild young men now-a-days , who think of nothing but themselves . there is not one of his tenants or servants but what will give him a good name . some people call him proud ; but i am sure i never saw any thing of it . to my fancy , it is only because he does not rattle away like other young men .
43	elizabeth bennet	in what an amiable light does this place him !
43	mrs. gardiner	this fine account of him , [ x ] is not quite consistent with his behaviour to our poor friend .
43	elizabeth bennet	perhaps we might be deceived .
43	mrs. gardiner	that is not very likely ; our authority was too good .
43	elizabeth bennet	he is certainly a good brother ,
43	mrs. reynolds	and this is always the way with him , [ x ] whatever can give his sister any pleasure is sure to be done in a moment . there is nothing he would not do for her .
43	elizabeth bennet	delightful , charming ,
43	elizabeth bennet	what will be his surprise , [ x ] when he knows who they are ! he takes them now for people of fashion .
43	elizabeth bennet	why is he so altered ? from what can it proceed ? it can not be for _ me _ , it can not be for _ my _ sake that his manners are thus softened . my reproofs at hunsford could not work such a change as this . it is impossible that he should still love me .
43	elizabeth bennet and mr. darcy	for your housekeeper , [ x ] informed us that you would certainly not be here till to-morrow ; and indeed , before we left bakewell we understood that you were not immediately expected in the country . [ x ] they will join me early tomorrow , [ x ] and among them are some who will claim an acquaintance with you , -- mr. bingley and his sisters .
43	mr. darcy	there is also one other person in the party , [ x ] who more particularly wishes to be known to you , -- will you allow me , or do i ask too much , to introduce my sister to your acquaintance during your stay at lambton ?
43	mr. gardiner	he is perfectly well behaved , polite , and unassuming ,
43	mrs. gardiner	there is something a little stately in him to be sure , [ x ] but it is confined to his air , and is not unbecoming . i can now say with the housekeeper , that though some people may call him proud , _ i _ have seen nothing of it .
43	mr. gardiner	i was never more surprised than by his behaviour to us . it was more than civil ; it was really attentive ; and there was no necessity for such attention . his acquaintance with elizabeth was very trifling .
43	mrs. gardiner	to be sure , lizzy , [ x ] he is not so handsome as wickham ; or rather he has not wickham 's countenance , for his features are perfectly good . but how came you to tell us that he was so disagreeable ?
43	mr. gardiner	but perhaps he may be a little whimsical in his civilities , [ x ] your great men often are ; and therefore i shall not take him at his word about fishing , as he might change his mind another day , and warn me off his grounds .
43	mrs. gardiner	from what we have seen of him , [ x ] i really should not have thought that he could have behaved in so cruel a way by any body , as he has done by poor wickham . he has not an ill-natured look . on the contrary , there is something pleasing about his mouth when he speaks . and there is something of dignity in his countenance , that would not give one an unfavourable idea of his heart . but to be sure , the good lady who shewed us the house did give him a most flaming character ! i could hardly help laughing aloud sometimes . but he is a liberal master , i suppose , and _ that _ in the eye of a servant comprehends every virtue .
44	mr. bingley	was a very long time since he had had the pleasure of seeing her -- [ x ] it is above eight months . we have not met since the 26th of november , when we were all dancing together at netherfield .
45	caroline bingley	pray , miss eliza , are not the ---- shire militia removed from meryton ? they must be a great loss to _ your _ family .
45	caroline bingley	how very ill eliza bennet looks this morning , mr. darcy , [ x ] i never in my life saw any one so much altered as she is since the winter . she is grown so brown and coarse ! louisa and i were agreeing that we should not have known her again .
45	caroline bingley	for my own part , [ x ] i must confess that i never could see any beauty in her . her face is too thin ; her complexion has no brilliancy ; and her features are not at all handsome . her nose wants character ; there is nothing marked in its lines . her teeth are tolerable , but not out of the common way ; and as for her eyes , which have sometimes been called so fine , i never could perceive any thing extraordinary in them . they have a sharp , shrewish look , which i do not like at all ; and in her air altogether , there is a self-sufficiency without fashion which is intolerable .
45	caroline bingley	i remember , when we first knew her in hertfordshire , how amazed we all were to find that she was a reputed beauty ; and i particularly recollect your saying one night , after they had been dining at netherfield , " _ she _ a beauty ! -- i should as soon call her mother a wit . " but afterwards she seemed to improve on you , and i believe you thought her rather pretty at one time .
45	mr. darcy	yes , [ x ] but _ that _ was only when i first knew her , for it is many months since i have considered her as one of the handsomest women of my acquaintance .
46	jane bennet	since writing the above , dearest lizzy , something has occurred of a most unexpected and serious nature ; but i am afraid of alarming you -- be assured that we are all well . what i have to say relates to poor lydia . an express came at twelve last night , just as we were all gone to bed , from colonel forster , to inform us that she was gone off to scotland with one of his officers ; to own the truth , with wickham ! -- imagine our surprise . to kitty , however , it does not seem so wholly unexpected . i am very , very sorry . so imprudent a match on both sides ! -- but i am willing to hope the best , and that his character has been misunderstood . thoughtless and indiscreet i can easily believe him , but this step ( and let us rejoice over it ) marks nothing bad at heart . his choice is disinterested at least , for he must know my father can give her nothing . our poor mother is sadly grieved . my father bears it better . how thankful am i , that we never let them know what has been said against him ; we must forget it ourselves . they were off saturday night about twelve , as is conjectured , but were not missed till yesterday morning at eight . the express was sent off directly . my dear lizzy , they must have passed within ten miles of us . colonel forster gives us reason to expect him here soon . lydia left a few lines for his wife , informing her of their intention . i must conclude , for i can not be long from my poor mother . i am afraid you will not be able to make it out , but i hardly know what i have written .
46	jane bennet	by this time , my dearest sister , you have received my hurried letter ; i wish this may be more intelligible , but though not confined for time , my head is so bewildered that i can not answer for being coherent . dearest lizzy , i hardly know what i would write , but i have bad news for you , and it can not be delayed . imprudent as a marriage between mr. wickham and our poor lydia would be , we are now anxious to be assured it has taken place , for there is but too much reason to fear they are not gone to scotland . colonel forster came yesterday , having left brighton the day before , not many hours after the express . though lydia 's short letter to mrs. f. gave them to understand that they were going to gretna green , something was dropped by denny expressing his belief that w. never intended to go there , or to marry lydia at all , which was repeated to colonel f. , who , instantly taking the alarm , set off from b. intending to trace their route . he did trace them easily to clapham , but no farther ; for on entering that place they removed into a hackney-coach and dismissed the chaise that brought them from epsom . all that is known after this is that they were seen to continue the london road . i know not what to think . after making every possible enquiry on that side london , colonel f. came on into hertfordshire , anxiously renewing them at all the turnpikes , and at the inns in barnet and hatfield , but without any success ; no such people had been seen to pass through . with the kindest concern he came on to longbourn , and broke his apprehensions to us in a manner most creditable to his heart . i am sincerely grieved for him and mrs. f. , but no one can throw any blame on them . our distress , my dear lizzy , is very great . my father and mother believe the worst , but i can not think so ill of him . many circumstances might make it more eligible for them to be married privately in town than to pursue their first plan ; and even if _ he _ could form such a design against a young woman of lydia 's connections , which is not likely , can i suppose her so lost to every thing ? -- impossible . i grieve to find , however , that colonel f. is not disposed to depend upon their marriage ; he shook his head when i expressed my hopes , and said he feared w. was not a man to be trusted . my poor mother is really ill and keeps her room . could she exert herself it would be better , but this is not to be expected ; and as to my father , i never in my life saw him so affected . poor kitty has anger for having concealed their attachment ; but as it was a matter of confidence , one can not wonder . i am truly glad , dearest lizzy , that you have been spared something of these distressing scenes ; but now , as the first shock is over , shall i own that i long for your return ? i am not so selfish , however , as to press for it , if inconvenient . adieu . i take up my pen again to do what i have just told you i would not , but circumstances are such , that i can not help earnestly begging you all to come here as soon as possible . i know my dear uncle and aunt so well that i am not afraid of requesting it , though i have still something more to ask of the former . my father is going to london with colonel forster instantly , to try to discover her . what he means to do , i am sure i know not ; but his excessive distress will not allow him to pursue any measure in the best and safest way , and colonel forster is obliged to be at brighton again to-morrow evening . in such an exigence my uncle 's advice and assistance would be every thing in the world ; he will immediately comprehend what i must feel , and i rely upon his goodness .
46	elizabeth bennet	oh ! where , where is my uncle ? [ x ] i beg your pardon , but i must leave you . i must find mr. gardiner this moment , on business that can not be delayed ; i have not a moment to lose .
46	mr. darcy	good god ! what is the matter ? [ x ] i will not detain you a minute , but let me , or let the servant , go after mr. and mrs. gardiner . you are not well enough ; -- you can not go yourself .
46	mr. darcy	let me call your maid . is there nothing you could take , to give you present relief ? -- a glass of wine ; -- shall i get you one ? -- you are very ill .
46	elizabeth bennet	no , i thank you ; [ x ] there is nothing the matter with me . i am quite well . i am only distressed by some dreadful news which i have just received from longbourn .
46	elizabeth bennet	i have just had a letter from jane , with such dreadful news . it can not be concealed from any one . my youngest sister has left all her friends -- has eloped ; -- has thrown herself into the power of -- of mr. wickham . they are gone off together from brighton . _ you _ know him too well to doubt the rest . she has no money , no connections , nothing that can tempt him to -- she is lost for ever .
46	elizabeth bennet	when i consider , [ x ] that _ i _ might have prevented it ! -- _ i _ who knew what he was . had i but explained some part of it only -- some part of what i learnt -- to my own family ! had his character been known , this could not have happened . but it is all , all too late now .
46	mr. darcy	i am grieved , indeed , [ x ] grieved -- shocked . but is it certain , absolutely certain ?
46	elizabeth bennet	oh yes ! -- they left brighton together on sunday night , and were traced almost to london , but not beyond ; they are certainly not gone to scotland .
46	mr. darcy	and what has been done , what has been attempted , to recover her ?
46	elizabeth bennet	my father is gone to london , and jane has written to beg my uncle 's immediate assistance , and we shall be off , i hope , in half an hour . but nothing can be done ; i know very well that nothing can be done . how is such a man to be worked on ? how are they even to be discovered ? i have not the smallest hope . it is every way horrible !
46	elizabeth bennet	when _ my _ eyes were opened to his real character . -- oh ! had i known what i ought , what i dared , to do ! but i knew not -- i was afraid of doing too much . wretched , wretched , mistake !
46	mr. darcy	i am afraid you have been long desiring my absence , nor have i any thing to plead in excuse of my stay , but real , though unavailing , concern . would to heaven that any thing could be either said or done on my part , that might offer consolation to such distress ! -- but i will not torment you with vain wishes , which may seem purposely to ask for your thanks . this unfortunate affair will , i fear , prevent my sister 's having the pleasure of seeing you at pemberley to-day .
46	elizabeth bennet	oh , yes . be so kind as to apologize for us to miss darcy . say that urgent business calls us home immediately . conceal the unhappy truth as long as it is possible . -- i know it can not be long .
46	mrs. gardiner	but what is to be done about pemberley ? [ x ] john told us mr. darcy was here when you sent for us ; -- was it so ?
46	elizabeth bennet	yes ; and i told him we should not be able to keep our engagement . _ that _ is all settled .
46	mrs. gardiner	that is all settled ! [ x ] and are they upon such terms as for her to disclose the real truth ! oh , that i knew how it was !
47	mr. gardiner	i have been thinking it over again , elizabeth , [ x ] and really , upon serious consideration , i am much more inclined than i was to judge as your eldest sister does of the matter . it appears to me so very unlikely that any young man should form such a design against a girl who is by no means unprotected or friendless , and who was actually staying in his colonel 's family , that i am strongly inclined to hope the best . could he expect that her friends would not step forward ? could he expect to be noticed again by the regiment , after such an affront to colonel forster ? his temptation is not adequate to the risk .
47	elizabeth bennet	do you really think so ?
47	mrs. gardiner	upon my word , [ x ] i begin to be of your uncle 's opinion . it is really too great a violation of decency , honour , and interest , for him to be guilty of it . i can not think so very ill of wickham . can you , yourself , lizzy , so wholly give him up as to believe him capable of it ?
47	elizabeth bennet	not perhaps of neglecting his own interest . but of every other neglect i can believe him capable . if , indeed , it should be so ! but i dare not hope it . why should they not go on to scotland , if that had been the case ?
47	mr. gardiner	in the first place , [ x ] there is no absolute proof that they are not gone to scotland .
47	elizabeth bennet	oh ! but their removing from the chaise into an hackney coach is such a presumption ! and , besides , no traces of them were to be found on the barnet road .
47	mr. gardiner	well , then -- supposing them to be in london . they may be there , though , for the purpose of concealment , for no more exceptionable purpose . it is not likely that money should be very abundant on either side ; and it might strike them that they could be more economically , though less expeditiously , married in london , than in scotland .
47	elizabeth bennet	but why all this secrecy ? why any fear of detection ? why must their marriage be private ? oh ! no , no , this is not likely . his most particular friend , you see by jane 's account , was persuaded of his never intending to marry her . wickham will never marry a woman without some money . he can not afford it . and what claims has lydia , what attractions has she beyond youth , health , and good humour , that could make him , for her sake , forgo every chance of benefiting himself by marrying well ? as to what restraint the apprehension of disgrace in the corps might throw on a dishonourable elopement with her , i am not able to judge ; for i know nothing of the effects that such a step might produce . but as to your other objection , i am afraid it will hardly hold good . lydia has no brothers to step forward ; and he might imagine , from my father 's behaviour , from his indolence and the little attention he has ever seemed to give to what was going forward in his family , that _ he _ would do as little , and think as little about it , as any father could do in such a matter .
47	mr. gardiner	but can you think that lydia is so lost to every thing but love of him , as to consent to live with him on any other terms than marriage ?
47	elizabeth bennet	it does seem , and it is most shocking indeed , [ x ] that a sister 's sense of decency and virtue in such a point should admit of doubt . but , really , i know not what to say . perhaps i am not doing her justice . but she is very young ; she has never been taught to think on serious subjects ; and for the last half year , nay , for a twelvemonth , she has been given up to nothing but amusement and vanity . she has been allowed to dispose of her time in the most idle and frivolous manner , and to adopt any opinions that came in her way . since the ---- shire were first quartered in meryton , nothing but love , flirtation , and officers have been in her head . she has been doing every thing in her power , by thinking and talking on the subject , to give greater -- what shall i call it ? -- susceptibility to her feelings , which are naturally lively enough . and we all know that wickham has every charm of person and address that can captivate a woman .
47	mrs. gardiner	but you see that jane , [ x ] does not think so ill of wickham as to believe him capable of the attempt .
47	elizabeth bennet	of whom does jane ever think ill ? and who is there , whatever might be their former conduct , that she would believe capable of such an attempt , till it were proved against them ? but jane knows , as well as i do , what wickham really is . we both know that he has been profligate in every sense of the word . that he has neither integrity nor honour . that he is as false and deceitful , as he is insinuating .
47	mrs. gardiner	and do you really know all this ?
47	elizabeth bennet	i do , indeed , [ x ] i told you the other day , of his infamous behaviour to mr. darcy ; and you , yourself , when last at longbourn , heard in what manner he spoke of the man who had behaved with such forbearance and liberality towards him . and there are other circumstances which i am not at liberty -- which it is not worth while to relate ; but his lies about the whole pemberley family are endless . from what he said of miss darcy , i was thoroughly prepared to see a proud , reserved , disagreeable girl . yet he knew to the contrary himself . he must know that she was amiable and unpretending as we have found her .
47	mrs. gardiner	but does lydia know nothing of this ? can she be ignorant of what you and jane seem so well to understand ?
47	elizabeth bennet	oh , yes ! -- that , that is the worst of all . till i was in kent , and saw so much both of mr. darcy and his relation , colonel fitzwilliam , i was ignorant of the truth myself . and when i returned home , the ---- shire was to leave meryton in a week or fortnight 's time . as that was the case , neither jane , to whom i related the whole , nor i , thought it necessary to make our knowledge public ; for of what use could it apparently be to any one that the good opinion which all the neighbourhood had of him should then be overthrown ? and even when it was settled that lydia should go with mrs. forster , the necessity of opening her eyes to his character never occurred to me . that _ she _ could be in any danger from the deception never entered my head . that such a consequence as _ this _ should ensue , you may easily believe was far enough from my thoughts .
47	mrs. gardiner	when they all removed to brighton , therefore , you had no reason , i suppose , to believe them fond of each other .
47	elizabeth bennet	not the slightest . i can remember no symptom of affection on either side ; and had any thing of the kind been perceptible , you must be aware that ours is not a family on which it could be thrown away . when first he entered the corps , she was ready enough to admire him ; but so we all were . every girl in or near meryton was out of her senses about him for the first two months ; but he never distinguished _ her _ by any particular attention , and consequently , after a moderate period of extravagant and wild admiration , her fancy for him gave way , and others of the regiment who treated her with more distinction again became her favourites .
47	jane bennet	not yet , [ x ] but now that my dear uncle is come , i hope every thing will be well .
47	elizabeth bennet	is my father in town ?
47	jane bennet	yes , he went on tuesday , as i wrote you word .
47	elizabeth bennet	and have you heard from him often ?
47	jane bennet	we have heard only once . he wrote me a few lines on wednesday , to say that he had arrived in safety , and to give me his directions , which i particularly begged him to do . he merely added that he should not write again till he had something of importance to mention .
47	elizabeth bennet	and my mother -- how is she ? how are you all ?
47	jane bennet	my mother is tolerably well , i trust ; though her spirits are greatly shaken . she is up stairs , and will have great satisfaction in seeing you all . she does not yet leave her dressing-room . mary and kitty , thank heaven ! are quite well .
47	elizabeth bennet	but you -- how are you ? [ x ] you look pale . how much you must have gone through !
47	mrs. bennet	if i had been able , [ x ] to carry my point of going to brighton , with all my family , _ this _ would not have happened ; but poor dear lydia had nobody to take care of her . why did the forsters ever let her go out of their sight ? i am sure there was some great neglect or other on their side , for she is not the kind of girl to do such a thing , if she had been well looked after . i always thought they were very unfit to have the charge of her ; but i was over-ruled , as i always am . poor dear child ! and now here 's mr. bennet gone away , and i know he will fight wickham wherever he meets him , and then he will be killed , and what is to become of us all ? the collinses will turn us out , before he is cold in his grave ; and if you are not kind to us , brother , i do not know what we shall do .
47	mr. gardiner	do not give way to useless alarm , [ x ] though it is right to be prepared for the worst , there is no occasion to look on it as certain . it is not quite a week since they left brighton . in a few days more , we may gain some news of them , and till we know that they are not married , and have no design of marrying , do not let us give the matter over as lost . as soon as i get to town , i shall go to my brother and make him come home with me to gracechurch street , and then we may consult together as to what is to be done .
47	mrs. bennet	oh ! my dear brother , [ x ] that is exactly what i could most wish for . and now do , when you get to town , find them out , wherever they may be ; and if they are not married already , make them marry . and as for wedding clothes , do not let them wait for that , but tell lydia she shall have as much money as she chuses to buy them , after they are married . and , above all things , keep mr. bennet from fighting . tell him what a dreadful state i am in , -- that i am frightened out of my wits ; and have such tremblings , such flutterings all over me such spasms in my side , and pains in my head , and such beatings at heart , that i can get no rest by night nor by day . and tell my dear lydia , not to give any directions about her clothes till she has seen me , for she does not know which are the best warehouses . oh , brother , how kind you are ! i know you will contrive it all .
47	mary bennet	this is a most unfortunate affair ; and will probably be much talked of . but we must stem the tide of malice , and pour into the wounded bosoms of each other the balm of sisterly consolation .
47	mary bennet	unhappy as the event must be for lydia , we may draw from it this useful lesson : that loss of virtue in a female is irretrievable -- that one false step involves her in endless ruin -- that her reputation is no less brittle than it is beautiful , -- and that she can not be too much guarded in her behaviour towards the undeserving of the other sex .
47	elizabeth bennet	but tell me all and every thing about it which i have not already heard . give me farther particulars . what did colonel forster say ? had they no apprehension of any thing before the elopement took place ? they must have seen them together for ever .
47	jane bennet	colonel forster did own that he had often suspected some partiality , especially on lydia 's side , but nothing to give him any alarm . i am so grieved for him . his behaviour was attentive and kind to the utmost . he was coming to us , in order to assure us of his concern , before he had any idea of their not being gone to scotland ; when that apprehension first got abroad , it hastened his journey .
47	elizabeth bennet	and was denny convinced that wickham would not marry ? did he know of their intending to go off ? had colonel forster seen denny himself ?
47	jane bennet	yes ; but when questioned by _ him _ , denny denied knowing any thing of their plan , and would not give his real opinion about it . he did not repeat his persuasion of their not marrying -- and from _ that _ , i am inclined to hope , he might have been misunderstood before .
47	elizabeth bennet	and till colonel forster came himself , not one of you entertained a doubt , i suppose , of their being really married ?
47	jane bennet	how was it possible that such an idea should enter our brains ! i felt a little uneasy -- a little fearful of my sister 's happiness with him in marriage , because i knew that his conduct had not been always quite right . my father and mother knew nothing of that , they only felt how imprudent a match it must be . kitty then owned , with a very natural triumph on knowing more than the rest of us , that in lydia 's last letter she had prepared her for such a step . she had known , it seems , of their being in love with each other many weeks .
47	elizabeth bennet	but not before they went to brighton ?
47	jane bennet	no , i believe not .
47	elizabeth bennet	and did colonel forster appear to think ill of wickham himself ? does he know his real character ?
47	jane bennet	i must confess that he did not speak so well of wickham as he formerly did . he believed him to be imprudent and extravagant . and since this sad affair has taken place , it is said that he left meryton greatly in debt ; but i hope this may be false .
47	elizabeth bennet	oh , jane , had we been less secret , had we told what we knew of him , this could not have happened !
47	jane bennet	perhaps it would have been better , [ x ] but to expose the former faults of any person , without knowing what their present feelings were , seemed unjustifiable . we acted with the best intentions .
47	elizabeth bennet	could colonel forster repeat the particulars of lydia 's note to his wife ?
47	jane bennet	he brought it with him for us to see .
47	lydia bennet	my dear harriet , you will laugh when you know where i am gone , and i can not help laughing myself at your surprise to-morrow morning , as soon as i am missed . i am going to gretna green , and if you can not guess with who , i shall think you a simpleton , for there is but one man in the world i love , and he is an angel . i should never be happy without him , so think it no harm to be off . you need not send them word at longbourn of my going , if you do not like it , for it will make the surprise the greater when i write to them and sign my name lydia wickham . what a good joke it will be ! i can hardly write for laughing . pray make my excuses to pratt , for not keeping my engagement and dancing with him to night . tell him i hope he will excuse me when he knows all , and tell him i will dance with him at the next ball we meet , with great pleasure . i shall send for my clothes when i get to longbourn ; but i wish you would tell sally to mend a great slit in my worked muslin gown before they are packed up . good bye . give my love to colonel forster . i hope you will drink to our good journey . your affectionate friend , lydia bennet .
47	elizabeth bennet	oh ! thoughtless , thoughtless lydia ! [ x ] what a letter is this , to be written at such a moment . but at least it shews that _ she _ was serious in the object of her journey . whatever he might afterwards persuade her to , it was not on her side a _ scheme _ of infamy . my poor father ! how he must have felt it !
47	jane bennet	i never saw any one so shocked . he could not speak a word for full ten minutes . my mother was taken ill immediately , and the whole house in such confusion !
47	elizabeth bennet	oh ! jane ! [ x ] was there a servant belonging to it , who did not know the whole story before the end of the day ?
47	jane bennet	i do not know . -- i hope there was . -- but to be guarded at such a time , is very difficult . my mother was in hysterics , and though i endeavoured to give her every assistance in my power , i am afraid i did not do so much as i might have done ! but the horror of what might possibly happen , almost took from me my faculties .
47	elizabeth bennet	your attendance upon her has been too much for you . you do not look well . oh ! that i had been with you , you have had every care and anxiety upon yourself alone .
47	jane bennet	mary and kitty have been very kind , and would have shared in every fatigue , i am sure , but i did not think it right for either of them . kitty is slight and delicate , and mary studies so much , that her hours of repose should not be broken in on . my aunt phillips came to longbourn on tuesday , after my father went away ; and was so good as to stay till thursday with me . she was of great use and comfort to us all , and lady lucas has been very kind ; she walked here on wednesday morning to condole with us , and offered her services , or any of her daughters , if they could be of use to us .
47	elizabeth bennet	she had better have stayed at home , [ x ] perhaps she _ meant _ well , but under such a misfortune as this , one can not see too little of one 's neighbours . assistance is impossible ; condolence , insufferable . let them triumph over us at a distance , and be satisfied .
47	jane bennet	he meant , i believe , [ x ] to go to epsom , the place where they last changed horses , see the postilions , and try if any thing could be made out from them . his principal object must be to discover the number of the hackney coach which took them from clapham . it had come with a fare from london ; and as he thought the circumstance of a gentleman and lady 's removing from one carriage into another might be remarked , he meant to make enquiries at clapham . if he could any how discover at what house the coachman had before set down his fare , he determined to make enquiries there , and hoped it might not be impossible to find out the stand and number of the coach . i do not know of any other designs that he had formed : but he was in such a hurry to be gone , and his spirits so greatly discomposed , that i had difficulty in finding out even so much as this .
48	mr. gardiner	i have written to colonel forster to desire him to find out , if possible , from some of the young man 's intimates in the regiment , whether wickham has any relations or connections who would be likely to know in what part of the town he has now concealed himself . if there were any one that one could apply to with a probability of gaining such a clue as that , it might be of essential consequence . at present we have nothing to guide us . colonel forster will , i dare say , do every thing in his power to satisfy us on this head . but , on second thoughts , perhaps lizzy could tell us what relations he has now living better than any other person .
48	mr. collins	my dear sir , i feel myself called upon by our relationship , and my situation in life , to condole with you on the grievous affliction you are now suffering under , of which we were yesterday informed by a letter from hertfordshire . be assured , my dear sir , that mrs. collins and myself sincerely sympathise with you , and all your respectable family , in your present distress , which must be of the bitterest kind , because proceeding from a cause which no time can remove . no arguments shall be wanting on my part that can alleviate so severe a misfortune ; or that may comfort you , under a circumstance that must be of all others most afflicting to a parent 's mind . the death of your daughter would have been a blessing in comparison of this . and it is the more to be lamented , because there is reason to suppose , as my dear charlotte informs me , that this licentiousness of behaviour in your daughter has proceeded from a faulty degree of indulgence , though at the same time , for the consolation of yourself and mrs. bennet , i am inclined to think that her own disposition must be naturally bad , or she could not be guilty of such an enormity at so early an age . howsoever that may be , you are grievously to be pitied , in which opinion i am not only joined by mrs. collins , but likewise by lady catherine and her daughter , to whom i have related the affair . they agree with me in apprehending that this false step in one daughter will be injurious to the fortunes of all the others ; for who , as lady catherine herself condescendingly says , will connect themselves with such a family . and this consideration leads me moreover to reflect with augmented satisfaction on a certain event of last november , for had it been otherwise , i must have been involved in all your sorrow and disgrace . let me advise you then , my dear sir , to console yourself as much as possible , to throw off your unworthy child from your affection for ever , and leave her to reap the fruits of her own heinous offence . i am , dear sir , & c. & c.
48	jane bennet	a gamester ! [ x ] this is wholly unexpected . i had not an idea of it .
48	mrs. bennet	what , is he coming home , and without poor lydia ! [ x ] sure he will not leave london before he has found them . who is to fight wickham , and make him marry her , if he comes away ?
48	mr. bennet	say nothing of that . who would suffer but myself ? it has been my own doing , and i ought to feel it .
48	elizabeth bennet	you must not be too severe upon yourself ,
48	mr. bennet	you may well warn me against such an evil . human nature is so prone to fall into it ! no , lizzy , let me once in my life feel how much i have been to blame . i am not afraid of being overpowered by the impression . it will pass away soon enough .
48	elizabeth bennet	do you suppose them to be in london ?
48	mr. bennet	yes ; where else can they be so well concealed ?
48	kitty bennet	and lydia used to want to go to london ,
48	mr. bennet	she is happy , then , [ x ] and her residence there will probably be of some duration .
48	mr. bennet	lizzy , i bear you no ill-will for being justified in your advice to me last may , which , considering the event , shews some greatness of mind .
48	mr. bennet	this is a parade , [ x ] which does one good ; it gives such an elegance to misfortune ! another day i will do the same ; i will sit in my library , in my night cap and powdering gown , and give as much trouble as i can , -- or , perhaps , i may defer it till kitty runs away .
48	kitty bennet	i am not going to run away , papa , [ x ] if _ i _ should ever go to brighton , i would behave better than lydia .
48	mr. bennet	_ you _ go to brighton ! -- i would not trust you so near it as east-bourne , for fifty pounds ! no , kitty , i have at last learnt to be cautious , and you will feel the effects of it . no officer is ever to enter my house again , nor even to pass through the village . balls will be absolutely prohibited , unless you stand up with one of your sisters . and you are never to stir out of doors till you can prove that you have spent ten minutes of every day in a rational manner .
48	mr. bennet	well , well , [ x ] do not make yourself unhappy . if you are a good girl for the next ten years , i will take you to a review at the end of them .
49	mrs. hill	i beg your pardon , madam , for interrupting you , but i was in hopes you might have got some good news from town , so i took the liberty of coming to ask .
49	jane bennet	what do you mean , hill ? we have heard nothing from town .
49	mrs. hill	dear madam , [ x ] do n't you know there is an express come for master from mr. gardiner ? he has been here this half hour , and master has had a letter .
49	the butler	if you are looking for my master , ma'am , he is walking towards the little copse .
49	elizabeth bennet	oh , papa , what news ? what news ? have you heard from my uncle ?
49	mr. bennet	yes , i have had a letter from him by express .
49	elizabeth bennet	well , and what news does it bring ? good or bad ?
49	mr. bennet	what is there of good to be expected ? [ x ] but perhaps you would like to read it .
49	mr. bennet	read it aloud , [ x ] for i hardly know myself what it is about .
49	mr. gardiner	gracechurch-street , monday , august 2 . my dear brother , at last i am able to send you some tidings of my niece , and such as , upon the whole , i hope will give you satisfaction . soon after you left me on saturday , i was fortunate enough to find out in what part of london they were . the particulars i reserve till we meet . it is enough to know they are discovered ; i have seen them both --
49	jane bennet	then it is as i always hoped , [ x ] they are married !
49	mr. gardiner	i have seen them both . they are not married , nor can i find there was any intention of being so ; but if you are willing to perform the engagements which i have ventured to make on your side , i hope it will not be long before they are . all that is required of you is to assure to your daughter , by settlement , her equal share of the five thousand pounds secured among your children after the decease of yourself and my sister ; and , moreover , to enter into an engagement of allowing her , during your life , one hundred pounds per annum . these are conditions which , considering every thing , i had no hesitation in complying with , as far as i thought myself privileged , for you . i shall send this by express , that no time may be lost in bringing me your answer . you will easily comprehend , from these particulars , that mr. wickham 's circumstances are not so hopeless as they are generally believed to be . the world has been deceived in that respect ; and , i am happy to say , there will be some little money , even when all his debts are discharged , to settle on my niece , in addition to her own fortune . if , as i conclude will be the case , you send me full powers to act in your name throughout the whole of this business , i will immediately give directions to haggerston for preparing a proper settlement . there will not be the smallest occasion for your coming to town again ; therefore , stay quietly at longbourn , and depend on my diligence and care . send back your answer as soon as you can , and be careful to write explicitly . we have judged it best that my niece should be married from this house , of which i hope you will approve . she comes to us to-day . i shall write again as soon as any thing more is determined on . your 's , & c. edw . gardiner .
49	elizabeth bennet	is it possible ! [ x ] can it be possible that he will marry her ?
49	jane bennet	wickham is not so undeserving , then , as we have thought him ! [ x ] my dear father , i congratulate you .
49	elizabeth bennet	and have you answered the letter ?
49	mr. bennet	no ; but it must be done soon .
49	elizabeth bennet	oh ! my dear father , [ x ] come back , and write immediately . consider how important every moment is , in such a case .
49	jane bennet	let me write for you , [ x ] if you dislike the trouble yourself .
49	mr. bennet	i dislike it very much , [ x ] but it must be done .
49	elizabeth bennet	and may i ask -- ? [ x ] but the terms , i suppose , must be complied with .
49	mr. bennet	complied with ! i am only ashamed of his asking so little .
49	elizabeth bennet	and they must marry ! yet he is such a man !
49	mr. bennet	yes , yes , they must marry . there is nothing else to be done . but there are two things that i want very much to know : -- one is , how much money your uncle has laid down to bring it about ; and the other , how i am ever to pay him .
49	jane bennet	money ! my uncle ! [ x ] what do you mean , sir ?
49	mr. bennet	i mean that no man in his senses would marry lydia on so slight a temptation as one hundred a year during my life , and fifty after i am gone .
49	elizabeth bennet	that is very true , [ x ] though it had not occurred to me before . his debts to be discharged , and something still to remain ! oh ! it must be my uncle 's doings ! generous , good man ; i am afraid he has distressed himself . a small sum could not do all this .
49	mr. bennet	no , [ x ] wickham 's a fool , if he takes her with a farthing less than ten thousand pounds . i should be sorry to think so ill of him in the very beginning of our relationship .
49	elizabeth bennet	ten thousand pounds ! heaven forbid ! how is half such a sum to be repaid ?
49	elizabeth bennet	and they are really to be married ! [ x ] how strange this is ! and for _ this _ we are to be thankful . that they should marry , small as is their chance of happiness , and wretched as is his character , we are forced to rejoice ! oh , lydia !
49	jane bennet	i comfort myself with thinking , [ x ] that he certainly would not marry lydia if he had not a real regard for her . though our kind uncle has done something towards clearing him , i can not believe that ten thousand pounds , or any thing like it , has been advanced . he has children of his own , and may have more . how could he spare half ten thousand pounds ?
49	elizabeth bennet	if we are ever able to learn what wickham 's debts have been , [ x ] and how much is settled on his side on our sister , we shall exactly know what mr. gardiner has done for them , because wickham has not sixpence of his own . the kindness of my uncle and aunt can never be requited . their taking her home , and affording her their personal protection and countenance , is such a sacrifice to her advantage as years of gratitude can not enough acknowledge . by this time she is actually with them ! if such goodness does not make her miserable now , she will never deserve to be happy ! what a meeting for her , when she first sees my aunt !
49	jane bennet	we must endeavour to forget all that has passed on either side , [ x ] i hope and trust they will yet be happy . his consenting to marry her is a proof , i will believe , that he is come to a right way of thinking . their mutual affection will steady them ; and i flatter myself they will settle so quietly , and live in so rational a manner , as may in time make their past imprudence forgotten .
49	elizabeth bennet	their conduct has been such , [ x ] as neither you , nor i , nor any body , can ever forget . it is useless to talk of it .
49	mr. bennet	just as you please .
49	elizabeth bennet	may we take my uncle 's letter to read to her ?
49	mr. bennet	take whatever you like , and get away .
49	mrs. bennet	my dear , dear lydia ! [ x ] this is delightful indeed ! -- she will be married ! -- i shall see her again ! -- she will be married at sixteen ! -- my good , kind brother ! -- i knew how it would be -- i knew he would manage every thing . how i long to see her ! and to see dear wickham too ! but the clothes , the wedding clothes ! i will write to my sister gardiner about them directly . lizzy , my dear , run down to your father , and ask him how much he will give her . stay , stay , i will go myself . ring the bell , kitty , for hill . i will put on my things in a moment . my dear , dear lydia ! -- how merry we shall be together when we meet !
49	jane bennet	for we must attribute this happy conclusion , [ x ] in a great measure to his kindness . we are persuaded that he has pledged himself to assist mr. wickham with money .
49	mrs. bennet	well , [ x ] it is all very right ; who should do it but her own uncle ? if he had not had a family of his own , i and my children must have had all his money , you know , and it is the first time we have ever had any thing from him , except a few presents . well ! i am so happy . in a short time , i shall have a daughter married . mrs. wickham ! how well it sounds . and she was only sixteen last june . my dear jane , i am in such a flutter that i am sure i ca n't write ; so i will dictate , and you write for me . we will settle with your father about the money afterwards ; but the things should be ordered immediately .
49	mrs. bennet	i will go to meryton , [ x ] as soon as i am dressed , and tell the good , good news to my sister phillips . and as i come back , i can call on lady lucas and mrs. long . kitty , run down and order the carriage . an airing would do me a great deal of good , i am sure . girls , can i do any thing for you in meryton ? oh ! here comes hill . my dear hill , have you heard the good news ? miss lydia is going to be married ; and you shall all have a bowl of punch to make merry at her wedding .
50	mrs. bennet	proper situation
50	mrs. bennet	haye-park might do , [ x ] if the gouldings would quit it , or the great house at stoke , if the drawing-room were larger ; but ashworth is too far off ! i could not bear to have her ten miles from me ; and as for purvis lodge , the attics are dreadful .
50	mr. bennet	mrs. bennet , before you take any or all of these houses for your son and daughter , let us come to a right understanding . into one house in this neighbourhood , they shall never have admittance . i will not encourage the impudence of either by receiving them at longbourn .
50	mr. gardiner	it was greatly my wish that he should do so , [ x ] as soon as his marriage was fixed on . and i think you will agree with me in considering a removal from that corps as highly advisable , both on his account and my niece 's . it is mr. wickham 's intention to go into the regulars ; and , among his former friends , there are still some who are able and willing to assist him in the army . he has the promise of an ensigncy in general ---- 's regiment , now quartered in the north . it is an advantage to have it so far from this part of the kingdom . he promises fairly ; and , i hope , among different people , where they may each have a character to preserve , they will both be more prudent . i have written to colonel forster , to inform him of our present arrangements , and to request that he will satisfy the various creditors of mr. wickham in and near brighton with assurances of speedy payment , for which i have pledged myself . and will you give yourself the trouble of carrying similar assurances to his creditors in meryton , of whom i shall subjoin a list , according to his information . he has given in all his debts ; i hope at least he has not deceived us . haggerston has our directions , and all will be completed in a week . they will then join his regiment , unless they are first invited to longbourn ; and i understand from mrs. gardiner that my niece is very desirous of seeing you all , before she leaves the south . she is well , and begs to be dutifully remembered to you and her mother . -- your 's , & c. e. gardiner .
50	mrs. bennet	she is so fond of mrs. forster , [ x ] it will be quite shocking to send her away ! and there are several of the young men , too , that she likes very much . the officers may not be so pleasant in general ---- 's regiment .
51	lydia bennet	only think of its being three months , [ x ] since i went away ; it seems but a fortnight i declare ; and yet there have been things enough happened in the time . good gracious ! when i went away , i am sure i had no more idea of being married till i came back again ! though i thought it would be very good fun if i was .
51	lydia bennet	oh ! mamma , do the people here abouts know i am married to-day ? i was afraid they might not ; and we overtook william goulding in his curricle , so i was determined he should know it , and so i let down the side-glass next to him , and took off my glove , and let my hand just rest upon the window frame , so that he might see the ring , and then i bowed and smiled like any thing .
51	lydia bennet	ah ! jane , i take your place now , and you must go lower , because i am a married woman .
51	notanutterance	mrs. wickham
51	lydia bennet	well , mamma , [ x ] and what do you think of my husband ? is not he a charming man ? i am sure my sisters must all envy me . i only hope they may have half my good luck . they must all go to brighton . that is the place to get husbands . what a pity it is , mamma , we did not all go .
51	mrs. bennet	very true ; and if i had my will , we should . but my dear lydia , i do n't at all like your going such a way off . must it be so ?
51	lydia bennet	oh , lord ! yes ; -- there is nothing in that . i shall like it of all things . you and papa , and my sisters , must come down and see us . we shall be at newcastle all the winter , and i dare say there will be some balls , and i will take care to get good partners for them all .
51	mrs. bennet	i should like it beyond any thing !
51	lydia bennet	and then when you go away , you may leave one or two of my sisters behind you ; and i dare say i shall get husbands for them before the winter is over .
51	elizabeth bennet	i thank you for my share of the favour , [ x ] but i do not particularly like your way of getting husbands .
51	lydia bennet	lizzy , i never gave _ you _ an account of my wedding , i believe . you were not by , when i told mamma and the others all about it . are not you curious to hear how it was managed ?
51	elizabeth bennet	no really , [ x ] i think there can not be too little said on the subject .
51	lydia bennet	la ! you are so strange ! but i must tell you how it went off . we were married , you know , at st. clement 's , because wickham 's lodgings were in that parish . and it was settled that we should all be there by eleven o'clock . my uncle and aunt and i were to go together ; and the others were to meet us at the church . well , monday morning came , and i was in such a fuss ! i was so afraid , you know , that something would happen to put it off , and then i should have gone quite distracted . and there was my aunt , all the time i was dressing , preaching and talking away just as if she was reading a sermon . however , i did not hear above one word in ten , for i was thinking , you may suppose , of my dear wickham . i longed to know whether he would be married in his blue coat .
51	lydia bennet	well , and so we breakfasted at ten as usual ; i thought it would never be over ; for , by the bye , you are to understand , that my uncle and aunt were horrid unpleasant all the time i was with them . if you 'll believe me , i did not once put my foot out of doors , though i was there a fortnight . not one party , or scheme , or any thing . to be sure london was rather thin , but , however , the little theatre was open . well , and so just as the carriage came to the door , my uncle was called away upon business to that horrid man mr. stone . and then , you know , when once they get together , there is no end of it . well , i was so frightened i did not know what to do , for my uncle was to give me away ; and if we were beyond the hour , we could not be married all day . but , luckily , he came back again in ten minutes ' time , and then we all set out . however , i recollected afterwards that if he _ had _ been prevented going , the wedding need not be put off , for mr. darcy might have done as well .
51	elizabeth bennet	mr. darcy !
51	lydia bennet	oh , yes ! -- he was to come there with wickham , you know , but gracious me ! i quite forgot ! i ought not to have said a word about it . i promised them so faithfully ! what will wickham say ? it was to be such a secret !
51	jane bennet	if it was to be secret , [ x ] say not another word on the subject . you may depend upon my seeking no further .
51	elizabeth bennet	oh ! certainly , [ x ] we will ask you no questions .
51	lydia bennet	thank you , [ x ] for if you did , i should certainly tell you all , and then wickham would be angry .
51	elizabeth bennet	you may readily comprehend , [ x ] what my curiosity must be to know how a person unconnected with any of us , and ( comparatively speaking ) a stranger to our family , should have been amongst you at such a time . pray write instantly , and let me understand it -- unless it is , for very cogent reasons , to remain in the secrecy which lydia seems to think necessary ; and then i must endeavour to be satisfied with ignorance .
51	elizabeth bennet	not that i _ shall _ , though , [ x ] and my dear aunt , if you do not tell me in an honourable manner , i shall certainly be reduced to tricks and stratagems to find it out .
52	mrs. gardiner	gracechurch-street , sept. 6 . my dear niece , i have just received your letter , and shall devote this whole morning to answering it , as i foresee that a little writing will not comprise what i have to tell you . i must confess myself surprised by your application ; i did not expect it from _ you _ . do n't think me angry , however , for i only mean to let you know that i had not imagined such enquiries to be necessary on _ your _ side . if you do not choose to understand me , forgive my impertinence . your uncle is as much surprised as i am -- and nothing but the belief of your being a party concerned would have allowed him to act as he has done . but if you are really innocent and ignorant , i must be more explicit . on the very day of my coming home from longbourn , your uncle had a most unexpected visitor . mr. darcy called , and was shut up with him several hours . it was all over before i arrived ; so my curiosity was not so dreadfully racked as _ your 's _ seems to have been . he came to tell mr. gardiner that he had found out where your sister and mr. wickham were , and that he had seen and talked with them both ; wickham repeatedly , lydia once . from what i can collect , he left derbyshire only one day after ourselves , and came to town with the resolution of hunting for them . the motive professed was his conviction of its being owing to himself that wickham 's worthlessness had not been so well known as to make it impossible for any young woman of character to love or confide in him . he generously imputed the whole to his mistaken pride , and confessed that he had before thought it beneath him to lay his private actions open to the world . his character was to speak for itself . he called it , therefore , his duty to step forward , and endeavour to remedy an evil which had been brought on by himself . if he _ had _ _ another _ motive , i am sure it would never disgrace him . he had been some days in town , before he was able to discover them ; but he had something to direct his search , which was more than we had ; and the consciousness of this was another reason for his resolving to follow us . there is a lady , it seems , a mrs. younge , who was some time ago governess to miss darcy , and was dismissed from her charge on some cause of disapprobation , though he did not say what . she then took a large house in edward-street , and has since maintained herself by letting lodgings . this mrs. younge was , he knew , intimately acquainted with wickham ; and he went to her for intelligence of him as soon as he got to town . but it was two or three days before he could get from her what he wanted . she would not betray her trust , i suppose , without bribery and corruption , for she really did know where her friend was to be found . wickham indeed had gone to her on their first arrival in london , and had she been able to receive them into her house , they would have taken up their abode with her . at length , however , our kind friend procured the wished-for direction . they were in ---- street . he saw wickham , and afterwards insisted on seeing lydia . his first object with her , he acknowledged , had been to persuade her to quit her present disgraceful situation , and return to her friends as soon as they could be prevailed on to receive her , offering his assistance , as far as it would go . but he found lydia absolutely resolved on remaining where she was . she cared for none of her friends ; she wanted no help of his ; she would not hear of leaving wickham . she was sure they should be married some time or other , and it did not much signify when . since such were her feelings , it only remained , he thought , to secure and expedite a marriage , which , in his very first conversation with wickham , he easily learnt had never been his design . he confessed himself obliged to leave the regiment , on account of some debts of honour , which were very pressing ; and scrupled not to lay all the ill-consequences of lydia 's flight on her own folly alone . he meant to resign his commission immediately ; and as to his future situation , he could conjecture very little about it . he must go somewhere , but he did not know where , and he knew he should have nothing to live on . mr. darcy asked him why he had not married your sister at once . though mr. bennet was not imagined to be very rich , he would have been able to do something for him , and his situation must have been benefited by marriage . but he found , in reply to this question , that wickham still cherished the hope of more effectually making his fortune by marriage in some other country . under such circumstances , however , he was not likely to be proof against the temptation of immediate relief . they met several times , for there was much to be discussed . wickham of course wanted more than he could get ; but at length was reduced to be reasonable . every thing being settled between _ them _ , mr. darcy 's next step was to make your uncle acquainted with it , and he first called in gracechurch-street the evening before i came home . but mr. gardiner could not be seen , and mr. darcy found , on further enquiry , that your father was still with him , but would quit town the next morning . he did not judge your father to be a person whom he could so properly consult as your uncle , and therefore readily postponed seeing him till after the departure of the former . he did not leave his name , and till the next day it was only known that a gentleman had called on business . on saturday he came again . your father was gone , your uncle at home , and , as i said before , they had a great deal of talk together . they met again on sunday , and then _ i _ saw him too . it was not all settled before monday : as soon as it was , the express was sent off to longbourn . but our visitor was very obstinate . i fancy , lizzy , that obstinacy is the real defect of his character , after all . he has been accused of many faults at different times , but _ this _ is the true one . nothing was to be done that he did not do himself ; though i am sure ( and i do not speak it to be thanked , therefore say nothing about it ) , your uncle would most readily have settled the whole . they battled it together for a long time , which was more than either the gentleman or lady concerned in it deserved . but at last your uncle was forced to yield , and instead of being allowed to be of use to his niece , was forced to put up with only having the probable credit of it , which went sorely against the grain ; and i really believe your letter this morning gave him great pleasure , because it required an explanation that would rob him of his borrowed feathers , and give the praise where it was due . but , lizzy , this must go no farther than yourself , or jane at most . you know pretty well , i suppose , what has been done for the young people . his debts are to be paid , amounting , i believe , to considerably more than a thousand pounds , another thousand in addition to her own settled upon _ her _ , and his commission purchased . the reason why all this was to be done by him alone , was such as i have given above . it was owing to him , to his reserve and want of proper consideration , that wickham 's character had been so misunderstood , and consequently that he had been received and noticed as he was . perhaps there was some truth in _ this _ ; though i doubt whether _ his _ reserve , or _ anybody 's _ reserve , can be answerable for the event . but in spite of all this fine talking , my dear lizzy , you may rest perfectly assured that your uncle would never have yielded , if we had not given him credit for _ another _ _ interest _ in the affair . when all this was resolved on , he returned again to his friends , who were still staying at pemberley ; but it was agreed that he should be in london once more when the wedding took place , and all money matters were then to receive the last finish . i believe i have now told you every thing . it is a relation which you tell me is to give you great surprise ; i hope at least it will not afford you any displeasure . lydia came to us ; and wickham had constant admission to the house . _ he _ was exactly what he had been when i knew him in hertfordshire ; but i would not tell you how little i was satisfied with _ her _ behaviour while she staid with us , if i had not perceived , by jane 's letter last wednesday , that her conduct on coming home was exactly of a piece with it , and therefore what i now tell you can give you no fresh pain . i talked to her repeatedly in the most serious manner , representing to her all the wickedness of what she had done , and all the unhappiness she had brought on her family . if she heard me , it was by good luck , for i am sure she did not listen . i was sometimes quite provoked , but then i recollected my dear elizabeth and jane , and for their sakes had patience with her . mr. darcy was punctual in his return , and as lydia informed you , attended the wedding . he dined with us the next day , and was to leave town again on wednesday or thursday . will you be very angry with me , my dear lizzy , if i take this opportunity of saying ( what i was never bold enough to say before ) how much i like him . his behaviour to us has , in every respect , been as pleasing as when we were in derbyshire . his understanding and opinions all please me ; he wants nothing but a little more liveliness , and _ that _ , if he marry _ prudently _ , his wife may teach him . i thought him very sly ; -- he hardly ever mentioned your name . but slyness seems the fashion . pray forgive me if i have been very presuming , or at least do not punish me so far as to exclude me from p. i shall never be quite happy till i have been all round the park . a low phaeton , with a nice little pair of ponies , would be the very thing . but i must write no more . the children have been wanting me this half hour . your 's , very sincerely , m. gardiner .
52	mr. wickham	i am afraid i interrupt your solitary ramble , my dear sister ?
52	elizabeth bennet	you certainly do , [ x ] but it does not follow that the interruption must be unwelcome .
52	mr. wickham	i should be sorry indeed , if it were . _ we _ were always good friends ; and now we are better .
52	elizabeth bennet	true . are the others coming out ?
52	mr. wickham	i do not know . mrs. bennet and lydia are going in the carriage to meryton . and so , my dear sister , i find , from our uncle and aunt , that you have actually seen pemberley .
52	mr. wickham	i almost envy you the pleasure , and yet i believe it would be too much for me , or else i could take it in my way to newcastle . and you saw the old housekeeper , i suppose ? poor reynolds , she was always very fond of me . but of course she did not mention my name to you .
52	elizabeth bennet	yes , she did .
52	mr. wickham	and what did she say ?
52	elizabeth bennet	that you were gone into the army , and she was afraid had -- not turned out well . at such a distance as _ that _ , you know , things are strangely misrepresented .
52	mr. wickham	certainly ,
52	mr. wickham	i was surprised to see darcy in town last month . we passed each other several times . i wonder what he can be doing there .
52	elizabeth bennet	perhaps preparing for his marriage with miss de bourgh , [ x ] it must be something particular , to take him there at this time of year .
52	mr. wickham	undoubtedly . did you see him while you were at lambton ? i thought i understood from the gardiners that you had .
52	elizabeth bennet	yes ; he introduced us to his sister .
52	mr. wickham	and do you like her ?
52	elizabeth bennet	very much .
52	mr. wickham	i have heard , indeed , that she is uncommonly improved within this year or two . when i last saw her , she was not very promising . i am very glad you liked her . i hope she will turn out well .
52	elizabeth bennet	i dare say she will ; she has got over the most trying age .
52	mr. wickham	did you go by the village of kympton ?
52	elizabeth bennet	i do not recollect that we did .
52	mr. wickham	i mention it , because it is the living which i ought to have had . a most delightful place ! -- excellent parsonage house ! it would have suited me in every respect .
52	elizabeth bennet	how should you have liked making sermons ?
52	mr. wickham	exceedingly well . i should have considered it as part of my duty , and the exertion would soon have been nothing . one ought not to repine ; -- but , to be sure , it would have been such a thing for me ! the quiet , the retirement of such a life would have answered all my ideas of happiness ! but it was not to be . did you ever hear darcy mention the circumstance , when you were in kent ?
52	elizabeth bennet	i _ have _ heard from authority , which i thought _ as _ _ good _ , that it was left you conditionally only , and at the will of the present patron .
52	mr. wickham	you have . yes , there was something in _ that _ ; i told you so from the first , you may remember .
52	elizabeth bennet	i _ did _ hear , too , that there was a time , when sermon-making was not so palatable to you as it seems to be at present ; that you actually declared your resolution of never taking orders , and that the business had been compromised accordingly .
52	mr. wickham	you did ! and it was not wholly without foundation . you may remember what i told you on that point , when first we talked of it .
52	elizabeth bennet	come , mr. wickham , we are brother and sister , you know . do not let us quarrel about the past . in future , i hope we shall be always of one mind .
53	mrs. bennet	oh ! my dear lydia , [ x ] when shall we meet again ?
53	lydia bennet	oh , lord ! i do n't know . not these two or three years , perhaps .
53	mrs. bennet	write to me very often , my dear .
53	lydia bennet	as often as i can . but you know married women have never much time for writing . my sisters may write to _ me _ . they will have nothing else to do .
53	mr. bennet	he is as fine a fellow , [ x ] as ever i saw . he simpers , and smirks , and makes love to us all . i am prodigiously proud of him . i defy even sir william lucas himself to produce a more valuable son-in-law .
53	mrs. bennet	i often think , [ x ] that there is nothing so bad as parting with one 's friends . one seems so forlorn without them .
53	elizabeth bennet	this is the consequence , you see , madam , of marrying a daughter , [ x ] it must make you better satisfied that your other four are single .
53	mrs. bennet	it is no such thing . lydia does not leave me because she is married , but only because her husband 's regiment happens to be so far off . if that had been nearer , she would not have gone so soon .
53	mrs. bennet	well , well , and so mr. bingley is coming down , sister , [ x ] well , so much the better . not that i care about it , though . he is nothing to us , you know , and i am sure _ i _ never want to see him again . but , however , he is very welcome to come to netherfield , if he likes it . and who knows what _ may _ happen ? but that is nothing to us . you know , sister , we agreed long ago never to mention a word about it . and so , is it quite certain he is coming ?
53	mrs. phillips	you may depend on it , [ x ] for mrs. nicholls was in meryton last night ; i saw her passing by , and went out myself on purpose to know the truth of it ; and she told me that it was certain true . he comes down on thursday at the latest , very likely on wednesday . she was going to the butcher 's , she told me , on purpose to order in some meat on wednesday , and she has got three couple of ducks just fit to be killed .
53	jane bennet	i saw you look at me to-day , lizzy , when my aunt told us of the present report ; and i know i appeared distressed . but do n't imagine it was from any silly cause . i was only confused for the moment , because i felt that i _ should _ be looked at . i do assure you that the news does not affect me either with pleasure or pain . i am glad of one thing , that he comes alone ; because we shall see the less of him . not that i am afraid of _ myself _ , but i dread other people 's remarks .
53	elizabeth bennet	yet it is hard , [ x ] that this poor man can not come to a house which he has legally hired , without raising all this speculation ! i _ will _ leave him to himself .
53	mrs. bennet	as soon as ever mr. bingley comes , my dear , [ x ] you will wait on him of course .
53	mr. bennet	no , no . you forced me into visiting him last year , and promised , if i went to see him , he should marry one of my daughters . but it ended in nothing , and i will not be sent on a fool 's errand again .
53	mr. bennet	't is an etiquette i despise , [ x ] if he wants our society , let him seek it . he knows where we live . i will not spend _ my _ hours in running after my neighbours every time they go away and come back again .
53	mrs. bennet	well , all i know is , that it will be abominably rude if you do not wait on him . but , however , that sha n't prevent my asking him to dine here , i am determined . we must have mrs. long and the gouldings soon . that will make thirteen with ourselves , so there will be just room at table for him .
53	jane bennet	i begin to be sorry that he comes at all , [ x ] it would be nothing ; i could see him with perfect indifference , but i can hardly bear to hear it thus perpetually talked of . my mother means well ; but she does not know , no one can know , how much i suffer from what she says . happy shall i be , when his stay at netherfield is over !
53	elizabeth bennet	i wish i could say any thing to comfort you , [ x ] but it is wholly out of my power . you must feel it ; and the usual satisfaction of preaching patience to a sufferer is denied me , because you have always so much .
53	kitty bennet	there is a gentleman with him , mamma , [ x ] who can it be ?
53	mrs. bennet	some acquaintance or other , my dear , i suppose ; i am sure i do not know .
53	kitty bennet	la ! [ x ] it looks just like that man that used to be with him before . mr. what 's - his-name . that tall , proud man .
53	mrs. bennet	good gracious ! mr. darcy ! -- and so it does , i vow . well , any friend of mr. bingley 's will always be welcome here , to be sure ; but else i must say that i hate the very sight of him .
53	elizabeth bennet	let me first see how he behaves , [ x ] it will then be early enough for expectation .
53	elizabeth bennet	could i expect it to be otherwise ! [ x ] yet why did he come ?
53	mrs. bennet	it is a long time , mr. bingley , since you went away ,
53	mrs. bennet	i began to be afraid you would never come back again . people _ did _ say you meant to quit the place entirely at michaelmas ; but , however , i hope it is not true . a great many changes have happened in the neighbourhood , since you went away . miss lucas is married and settled . and one of my own daughters . i suppose you have heard of it ; indeed , you must have seen it in the papers . it was in the _ times _ and the _ courier _ , i know ; though it was not put in as it ought to be . it was only said , " lately , george wickham , esq. to miss lydia bennet , " without there being a syllable said of her father , or the place where she lived , or any thing . it was my brother gardiner 's drawing up too , and i wonder how he came to make such an awkward business of it . did you see it ?
53	mrs. bennet	it is a delightful thing , to be sure , to have a daughter well married , [ x ] but at the same time , mr. bingley , it is very hard to have her taken such a way from me . they are gone down to newcastle , a place quite northward , it seems , and there they are to stay i do not know how long . his regiment is there ; for i suppose you have heard of his leaving the ---- shire , and of his being gone into the regulars . thank heaven ! he has _ some _ friends , though perhaps not so many as he deserves .
53	mrs. bennet	when you have killed all your own birds , mr. bingley , [ x ] i beg you will come here , and shoot as many as you please on mr. bennet 's manor . i am sure he will be vastly happy to oblige you , and will save all the best of the covies for you .
53	elizabeth bennet	the first wish of my heart , [ x ] is never more to be in company with either of them . their society can afford no pleasure that will atone for such wretchedness as this ! let me never see either one or the other again !
53	mrs. bennet	you are quite a visit in my debt , mr. bingley , [ x ] for when you went to town last winter , you promised to take a family dinner with us , as soon as you returned . i have not forgot , you see ; and i assure you , i was very much disappointed that you did not come back and keep your engagement .
54	elizabeth bennet	why , if he came only to be silent , grave , and indifferent , [ x ] did he come at all ?
54	elizabeth bennet	he could be still amiable , still pleasing , to my uncle and aunt , when he was in town ; and why not to me ? if he fears me , why come hither ? if he no longer cares for me , why silent ? teazing , teazing , man ! i will think no more about him .
54	jane bennet	now , [ x ] that this first meeting is over , i feel perfectly easy . i know my own strength , and i shall never be embarrassed again by his coming . i am glad he dines here on tuesday . it will then be publicly seen that , on both sides , we meet only as common and indifferent acquaintance .
54	elizabeth bennet	yes , very indifferent indeed , [ x ] oh , jane , take care .
54	jane bennet	my dear lizzy , you can not think me so weak , as to be in danger now ?
54	elizabeth bennet	i think you are in very great danger of making him as much in love with you as ever .
54	elizabeth bennet	if he does not come to me , _ then _ , [ x ] i shall give him up for ever .
54	unsure	the men sha n't come and part us , i am determined . we want none of them ; do we ?
54	elizabeth bennet	a man who has once been refused ! how could i ever be foolish enough to expect a renewal of his love ? is there one among the sex , who would not protest against such a weakness as a second proposal to the same woman ? there is no indignity so abhorrent to their feelings !
54	elizabeth bennet	is your sister at pemberley still ?
54	mr. darcy	yes , she will remain there till christmas .
54	elizabeth bennet	and quite alone ? have all her friends left her ?
54	mr. darcy	mrs. annesley is with her . the others have been gone on to scarborough , these three weeks .
54	mrs. bennet	well girls , [ x ] what say you to the day ? i think every thing has passed off uncommonly well , i assure you . the dinner was as well dressed as any i ever saw . the venison was roasted to a turn -- and everybody said they never saw so fat a haunch . the soup was fifty times better than what we had at the lucases ' last week ; and even mr. darcy acknowledged , that the partridges were remarkably well done ; and i suppose he has two or three french cooks at least . and , my dear jane , i never saw you look in greater beauty . mrs. long said so too , for i asked her whether you did not . and what do you think she said besides ? " ah ! mrs. bennet , we shall have her at netherfield at last . " she did indeed . i do think mrs. long is as good a creature as ever lived -- and her nieces are very pretty behaved girls , and not at all handsome : i like them prodigiously .
54	jane bennet	it has been a very agreeable day , [ x ] the party seemed so well selected , so suitable one with the other . i hope we may often meet again .
54	jane bennet	lizzy , you must not do so . you must not suspect me . it mortifies me . i assure you that i have now learnt to enjoy his conversation as an agreeable and sensible young man , without having a wish beyond it . i am perfectly satisfied , from what his manners now are , that he never had any design of engaging my affection . it is only that he is blessed with greater sweetness of address , and a stronger desire of generally pleasing , than any other man .
54	elizabeth bennet	you are very cruel , [ x ] you will not let me smile , and are provoking me to it every moment .
54	jane bennet	how hard it is in some cases to be believed !
54	elizabeth bennet	and how impossible in others !
54	jane bennet	but why should you wish to persuade me that i feel more than i acknowledge ?
54	elizabeth bennet	that is a question which i hardly know how to answer . we all love to instruct , though we can teach only what is not worth knowing . forgive me ; and if you persist in indifference , do not make me your confidante .
55	mrs. bennet	next time you call , [ x ] i hope we shall be more lucky .
55	mrs. bennet	can you come to-morrow ?
55	mrs. bennet	my dear jane , make haste and hurry down . he is come -- mr. bingley is come . -- he is , indeed . make haste , make haste . here , sarah , come to miss bennet this moment , and help her on with her gown . never mind miss lizzy 's hair .
55	jane bennet	we will be down as soon as we can , [ x ] but i dare say kitty is forwarder than either of us , for she went up stairs half an hour ago .
55	mrs. bennet	oh ! hang kitty ! what has she to do with it ? come be quick , be quick ! where is your sash , my dear ?
55	kitty bennet	what is the matter mamma ? what do you keep winking at me for ? what am i to do ?
55	mrs. bennet	nothing child , nothing . i did not wink at you . [ x ] come here , my love , i want to speak to you ,
55	mrs. bennet	lizzy , my dear , i want to speak with you .
55	mrs. bennet	we may as well leave them by themselves you know ; [ x ] kitty and i are going up stairs to sit in my dressing room .
55	jane bennet	't is too much ! [ x ] by far too much . i do not deserve it . oh ! why is not every body as happy ?
55	jane bennet	i must go instantly to my mother ; [ x ] i would not on any account trifle with her affectionate solicitude ; or allow her to hear it from any one but myself . he is gone to my father already . oh ! lizzy , to know that what i have to relate will give such pleasure to all my dear family ! how shall i bear so much happiness !
55	elizabeth bennet	and this , [ x ] is the end of all his friend 's anxious circumspection ! of all his sister 's falsehood and contrivance ! the happiest , wisest , most reasonable end !
55	mr. bingley	where is your sister ?
55	elizabeth bennet	with my mother up stairs . she will be down in a moment , i dare say .
55	mr. bennet	jane , i congratulate you . you will be a very happy woman .
55	mr. bennet	you are a good girl ; [ x ] and i have great pleasure in thinking you will be so happily settled . i have not a doubt of your doing very well together . your tempers are by no means unlike . you are each of you so complying , that nothing will ever be resolved on ; so easy , that every servant will cheat you ; and so generous , that you will always exceed your income .
55	jane bennet	i hope not so . imprudence or thoughtlessness in money matters would be unpardonable in _ me _ .
55	mrs. bennet	exceed their income ! my dear mr. bennet , [ x ] what are you talking of ? why , he has four or five thousand a year , and very likely more . [ x ] oh ! my dear , dear jane , i am so happy ! i am sure i sha n't get a wink of sleep all night . i knew how it would be . i always said it must be so , at last . i was sure you could not be so beautiful for nothing ! i remember , as soon as ever i saw him , when he first came into hertfordshire last year , i thought how likely it was that you should come together . oh ! he is the handsomest young man that ever was seen !
55	jane bennet	he has made me so happy , [ x ] by telling me that he was totally ignorant of my being in town last spring ! i had not believed it possible .
55	elizabeth bennet	i suspected as much , [ x ] but how did he account for it ?
55	jane bennet	it must have been his sister 's doing . they were certainly no friends to his acquaintance with me , which i can not wonder at , since he might have chosen so much more advantageously in many respects . but when they see , as i trust they will , that their brother is happy with me , they will learn to be contented , and we shall be on good terms again ; though we can never be what we once were to each other .
55	elizabeth bennet	that is the most unforgiving speech , [ x ] that i ever heard you utter . good girl ! it would vex me , indeed , to see you again the dupe of miss bingley 's pretended regard .
55	jane bennet	would you believe it , lizzy , that when he went to town last november , he really loved me , and nothing but a persuasion of _ my _ being indifferent would have prevented his coming down again !
55	elizabeth bennet	he made a little mistake to be sure ; but it is to the credit of his modesty .
55	jane bennet	i am certainly the most fortunate creature that ever existed ! [ x ] oh ! lizzy , why am i thus singled from my family , and blessed above them all ! if i could but see _ you _ as happy ! if there _ were _ but such another man for you !
55	elizabeth bennet	if you were to give me forty such men , i never could be so happy as you . till i have your disposition , your goodness , i never can have your happiness . no , no , let me shift for myself ; and , perhaps , if i have very good luck , i may meet with another mr. collins in time .
56	lady catherine	i hope you are well , miss bennet . that lady , i suppose , is your mother .
56	lady catherine	and that i suppose is one of your sisters .
56	mrs. bennet	yes , madam , [ x ] she is my youngest girl but one . my youngest of all is lately married , and my eldest is somewhere about the grounds , walking with a young man who , i believe , will soon become a part of the family .
56	lady catherine	you have a very small park here ,
56	mrs. bennet	it is nothing in comparison of rosings , my lady , i dare say ; but i assure you it is much larger than sir william lucas 's .
56	lady catherine	this must be a most inconvenient sitting room for the evening , in summer ; the windows are full west .
56	mrs. bennet	may i take the liberty of asking your ladyship whether you left mr. and mrs. collins well .
56	lady catherine	yes , very well . i saw them the night before last .
56	lady catherine	miss bennet , there seemed to be a prettyish kind of a little wilderness on one side of your lawn . i should be glad to take a turn in it , if you will favour me with your company .
56	mrs. bennet	go , my dear , [ x ] and shew her ladyship about the different walks . i think she will be pleased with the hermitage .
56	elizabeth bennet	how could i ever think her like her nephew ?
56	lady catherine	you can be at no loss , miss bennet , to understand the reason of my journey hither . your own heart , your own conscience , must tell you why i come .
56	elizabeth bennet	indeed , you are mistaken , madam . i have not been at all able to account for the honour of seeing you here .
56	lady catherine	miss bennet , [ x ] you ought to know , that i am not to be trifled with . but however insincere _ you _ may choose to be , you shall not find _ me _ so . my character has ever been celebrated for its sincerity and frankness , and in a cause of such moment as this , i shall certainly not depart from it . a report of a most alarming nature reached me two days ago . i was told that not only your sister was on the point of being most advantageously married , but that _ you _ , that miss elizabeth bennet , would , in all likelihood , be soon afterwards united to my nephew , my own nephew , mr. darcy . though i _ know _ it must be a scandalous falsehood , though i would not injure him so much as to suppose the truth of it possible , i instantly resolved on setting off for this place , that i might make my sentiments known to you .
56	elizabeth bennet	if you believed it impossible to be true , [ x ] i wonder you took the trouble of coming so far . what could your ladyship propose by it ?
56	lady catherine	at once to insist upon having such a report universally contradicted .
56	elizabeth bennet	your coming to longbourn , to see me and my family , [ x ] will be rather a confirmation of it ; if , indeed , such a report is in existence .
56	lady catherine	if ! do you then pretend to be ignorant of it ? has it not been industriously circulated by yourselves ? do you not know that such a report is spread abroad ?
56	elizabeth bennet	i never heard that it was .
56	lady catherine	and can you likewise declare , that there is no _ foundation _ for it ?
56	elizabeth bennet	i do not pretend to possess equal frankness with your ladyship . _ you _ may ask questions which _ i _ shall not choose to answer .
56	lady catherine	this is not to be borne . miss bennet , i insist on being satisfied . has he , has my nephew , made you an offer of marriage ?
56	elizabeth bennet	your ladyship has declared it to be impossible .
56	lady catherine	it ought to be so ; it must be so , while he retains the use of his reason . but _ your _ arts and allurements may , in a moment of infatuation , have made him forget what he owes to himself and to all his family . you may have drawn him in .
56	elizabeth bennet	if i have , i shall be the last person to confess it .
56	lady catherine	miss bennet , do you know who i am ? i have not been accustomed to such language as this . i am almost the nearest relation he has in the world , and am entitled to know all his dearest concerns .
56	elizabeth bennet	but you are not entitled to know _ mine _ ; nor will such behaviour as this , ever induce me to be explicit .
56	lady catherine	let me be rightly understood . this match , to which you have the presumption to aspire , can never take place . no , never . mr. darcy is engaged to _ my _ _ daughter _ . now what have you to say ?
56	elizabeth bennet	only this ; that if he is so , you can have no reason to suppose he will make an offer to me .
56	lady catherine	the engagement between them is of a peculiar kind . from their infancy , they have been intended for each other . it was the favourite wish of _ his _ mother , as well as of her 's . while in their cradles , we planned the union : and now , at the moment when the wishes of both sisters would be accomplished in their marriage , to be prevented by a young woman of inferior birth , of no importance in the world , and wholly unallied to the family ! do you pay no regard to the wishes of his friends ? to his tacit engagement with miss de bourgh ? are you lost to every feeling of propriety and delicacy ? have you not heard me say that from his earliest hours he was destined for his cousin ?
56	elizabeth bennet	yes , and i had heard it before . but what is that to me ? if there is no other objection to my marrying your nephew , i shall certainly not be kept from it by knowing that his mother and aunt wished him to marry miss de bourgh . you both did as much as you could in planning the marriage . its completion depended on others . if mr. darcy is neither by honour nor inclination confined to his cousin , why is not he to make another choice ? and if i am that choice , why may not i accept him ?
56	lady catherine	because honour , decorum , prudence , nay , interest , forbid it . yes , miss bennet , interest ; for do not expect to be noticed by his family or friends , if you wilfully act against the inclinations of all . you will be censured , slighted , and despised , by every one connected with him . your alliance will be a disgrace ; your name will never even be mentioned by any of us .
56	elizabeth bennet	these are heavy misfortunes , [ x ] but the wife of mr. darcy must have such extraordinary sources of happiness necessarily attached to her situation , that she could , upon the whole , have no cause to repine .
56	lady catherine	obstinate , headstrong girl ! i am ashamed of you ! is this your gratitude for my attentions to you last spring ? is nothing due to me on that score ? let us sit down . you are to understand , miss bennet , that i came here with the determined resolution of carrying my purpose ; nor will i be dissuaded from it . i have not been used to submit to any person 's whims . i have not been in the habit of brooking disappointment .
56	elizabeth bennet	_ that _ will make your ladyship 's situation at present more pitiable ; but it will have no effect on _ me _ .
56	lady catherine	i will not be interrupted . hear me in silence . my daughter and my nephew are formed for each other . they are descended , on the maternal side , from the same noble line ; and , on the father 's , from respectable , honourable , and ancient -- though untitled -- families . their fortune on both sides is splendid . they are destined for each other by the voice of every member of their respective houses ; and what is to divide them ? the upstart pretensions of a young woman without family , connections , or fortune . is this to be endured ! but it must not , shall not be . if you were sensible of your own good , you would not wish to quit the sphere in which you have been brought up .
56	elizabeth bennet	in marrying your nephew , i should not consider myself as quitting that sphere . he is a gentleman ; i am a gentleman 's daughter ; so far we are equal .
56	lady catherine	true . you _ are _ a gentleman 's daughter . but who was your mother ? who are your uncles and aunts ? do not imagine me ignorant of their condition .
56	elizabeth bennet	whatever my connections may be , [ x ] if your nephew does not object to them , they can be nothing to _ you _ .
56	lady catherine	tell me once for all , are you engaged to him ?
56	elizabeth bennet	i am not .
56	lady catherine	and will you promise me , never to enter into such an engagement ?
56	elizabeth bennet	i will make no promise of the kind .
56	lady catherine	miss bennet i am shocked and astonished . i expected to find a more reasonable young woman . but do not deceive yourself into a belief that i will ever recede . i shall not go away till you have given me the assurance i require .
56	elizabeth bennet	and i certainly never shall give it . i am not to be intimidated into anything so wholly unreasonable . your ladyship wants mr. darcy to marry your daughter ; but would my giving you the wished-for promise make their marriage at all more probable ? supposing him to be attached to me , would my refusing to accept his hand make him wish to bestow it on his cousin ? allow me to say , lady catherine , that the arguments with which you have supported this extraordinary application have been as frivolous as the application was ill-judged . you have widely mistaken my character , if you think i can be worked on by such persuasions as these . how far your nephew might approve of your interference in _ his _ affairs , i can not tell ; but you have certainly no right to concern yourself in mine . i must beg , therefore , to be importuned no farther on the subject .
56	lady catherine	not so hasty , if you please . i have by no means done . to all the objections i have already urged , i have still another to add . i am no stranger to the particulars of your youngest sister 's infamous elopement . i know it all ; that the young man 's marrying her was a patched-up business , at the expence of your father and uncles . and is _ such _ a girl to be my nephew 's sister ? is _ her _ husband , is the son of his late father 's steward , to be his brother ? heaven and earth ! -- of what are you thinking ? are the shades of pemberley to be thus polluted ?
56	elizabeth bennet	you can _ now _ have nothing farther to say , [ x ] you have insulted me in every possible method . i must beg to return to the house .
56	lady catherine	you have no regard , then , for the honour and credit of my nephew ! unfeeling , selfish girl ! do you not consider that a connection with you must disgrace him in the eyes of everybody ?
56	elizabeth bennet	lady catherine , i have nothing farther to say . you know my sentiments .
56	lady catherine	you are then resolved to have him ?
56	elizabeth bennet	i have said no such thing . i am only resolved to act in that manner , which will , in my own opinion , constitute my happiness , without reference to you , or to any person so wholly unconnected with me .
56	lady catherine	it is well . you refuse , then , to oblige me . you refuse to obey the claims of duty , honour , and gratitude . you are determined to ruin him in the opinion of all his friends , and make him the contempt of the world .
56	elizabeth bennet	neither duty , nor honour , nor gratitude , [ x ] have any possible claim on me , in the present instance . no principle of either would be violated by my marriage with mr. darcy . and with regard to the resentment of his family , or the indignation of the world , if the former were excited by his marrying me , it would not give me one moment 's concern -- and the world in general would have too much sense to join in the scorn .
56	lady catherine	and this is your real opinion ! this is your final resolve ! very well . i shall now know how to act . do not imagine , miss bennet , that your ambition will ever be gratified . i came to try you . i hoped to find you reasonable ; but , depend upon it , i will carry my point .
56	lady catherine	i take no leave of you , miss bennet . i send no compliments to your mother . you deserve no such attention . i am most seriously displeased .
56	elizabeth bennet	she did not choose it , [ x ] she would go .
56	mrs. bennet	she is a very fine-looking woman ! and her calling here was prodigiously civil ! for she only came , i suppose , to tell us the collinses were well . she is on her road somewhere , i dare say , and so , passing through meryton , thought she might as well call on you . i suppose she had nothing particular to say to you , lizzy ?
57	elizabeth bennet	if , therefore , an excuse for not keeping his promise should come to his friend within a few days , [ x ] i shall know how to understand it . i shall then give over every expectation , every wish of his constancy . if he is satisfied with only regretting me , when he might have obtained my affections and hand , i shall soon cease to regret him at all .
57	mr. bennet	lizzy , [ x ] i was going to look for you ; come into my room .
57	mr. bennet	i have received a letter this morning that has astonished me exceedingly . as it principally concerns yourself , you ought to know its contents . i did not know before , that i had _ two _ daughters on the brink of matrimony . let me congratulate you on a very important conquest .
57	mr. bennet	you look conscious . young ladies have great penetration in such matters as these ; but i think i may defy even your sagacity , to discover the name of _ your _ admirer . this letter is from mr. collins .
57	elizabeth bennet	from mr. collins ! and what can _ he _ have to say ?
57	mr. bennet and mr. collins	something very much to the purpose of course . he begins with congratulations on the approaching nuptials of my eldest daughter , of which , it seems , he has been told by some of the good-natured , gossiping lucases . i shall not sport with your impatience , by reading what he says on that point . what relates to yourself , is as follows . [ x ] having thus offered you the sincere congratulations of mrs. collins and myself on this happy event , let me now add a short hint on the subject of another ; of which we have been advertised by the same authority . your daughter elizabeth , it is presumed , will not long bear the name of bennet , after her elder sister has resigned it , and the chosen partner of her fate may be reasonably looked up to as one of the most illustrious personages in this land .
57	mr. bennet and mr. collins	can you possibly guess , lizzy , who is meant by this ? [ x ] this young gentleman is blessed , in a peculiar way , with every thing the heart of mortal can most desire , -- splendid property , noble kindred , and extensive patronage . yet in spite of all these temptations , let me warn my cousin elizabeth , and yourself , of what evils you may incur by a precipitate closure with this gentleman 's proposals , which , of course , you will be inclined to take immediate advantage of .
57	mr. bennet	have you any idea , lizzy , who this gentleman is ? but now it comes out .
57	mr. bennet and mr. collins	my motive for cautioning you is as follows . we have reason to imagine that his aunt , lady catherine de bourgh , does not look on the match with a friendly eye .
57	mr. bennet	_ mr. _ _ darcy _ , you see , is the man ! now , lizzy , i think i _ have _ surprised you . could he , or the lucases , have pitched on any man within the circle of our acquaintance , whose name would have given the lie more effectually to what they related ? mr. darcy , who never looks at any woman but to see a blemish , and who probably never looked at _ you _ in his life ! it is admirable !
57	mr. bennet	are you not diverted ?
57	elizabeth bennet	oh ! yes . pray read on .
57	mr. bennet and mr. collins	after mentioning the likelihood of this marriage to her ladyship last night , she immediately , with her usual condescension , expressed what she felt on the occasion ; when it become apparent , that on the score of some family objections on the part of my cousin , she would never give her consent to what she termed so disgraceful a match . i thought it my duty to give the speediest intelligence of this to my cousin , that she and her noble admirer may be aware of what they are about , and not run hastily into a marriage which has not been properly sanctioned . [ x ] mr. collins moreover adds , [ x ] i am truly rejoiced that my cousin lydia 's sad business has been so well hushed up , and am only concerned that their living together before the marriage took place should be so generally known . i must not , however , neglect the duties of my station , or refrain from declaring my amazement at hearing that you received the young couple into your house as soon as they were married . it was an encouragement of vice ; and had i been the rector of longbourn , i should very strenuously have opposed it . you ought certainly to forgive them as a christian , but never to admit them in your sight , or allow their names to be mentioned in your hearing . [ x ] _ that _ is his notion of christian forgiveness ! the rest of his letter is only about his dear charlotte 's situation , and his expectation of a young olive-branch . but , lizzy , you look as if you did not enjoy it . you are not going to be _ missish _ , i hope , and pretend to be affronted at an idle report . for what do we live , but to make sport for our neighbours , and laugh at them in our turn ?
57	elizabeth bennet	oh ! [ x ] i am excessively diverted . but it is so strange !
57	mr. bennet	yes -- _ that _ is what makes it amusing . had they fixed on any other man it would have been nothing ; but _ his _ perfect indifference , and _ your _ pointed dislike , make it so delightfully absurd ! much as i abominate writing , i would not give up mr. collins 's correspondence for any consideration . nay , when i read a letter of his , i can not help giving him the preference even over wickham , much as i value the impudence and hypocrisy of my son-in-law . and pray , lizzy , what said lady catherine about this report ? did she call to refuse her consent ?
58	elizabeth bennet	mr. darcy , i am a very selfish creature ; and , for the sake of giving relief to my own feelings , care not how much i may be wounding your 's . i can no longer help thanking you for your unexampled kindness to my poor sister . ever since i have known it , i have been most anxious to acknowledge to you how gratefully i feel it . were it known to the rest of my family , i should not have merely my own gratitude to express .
58	mr. darcy	i am sorry , exceedingly sorry , [ x ] that you have ever been informed of what may , in a mistaken light , have given you uneasiness . i did not think mrs. gardiner was so little to be trusted .
58	elizabeth bennet	you must not blame my aunt . lydia 's thoughtlessness first betrayed to me that you had been concerned in the matter ; and , of course , i could not rest till i knew the particulars . let me thank you again and again , in the name of all my family , for that generous compassion which induced you to take so much trouble , and bear so many mortifications , for the sake of discovering them .
58	mr. darcy	if you _ will _ thank me , [ x ] let it be for yourself alone . that the wish of giving happiness to you might add force to the other inducements which led me on , i shall not attempt to deny . but your _ family _ owe me nothing . much as i respect them , i believe i thought only of _ you _ .
58	mr. darcy	you are too generous to trifle with me . if your feelings are still what they were last april , tell me so at once . _ my _ affections and wishes are unchanged , but one word from you will silence me on this subject for ever .
58	mr. darcy	it taught me to hope , [ x ] as i had scarcely ever allowed myself to hope before . i knew enough of your disposition to be certain that , had you been absolutely , irrevocably decided against me , you would have acknowledged it to lady catherine , frankly and openly .
58	elizabeth bennet	yes , you know enough of my _ frankness _ to believe me capable of _ that _ . after abusing you so abominably to your face , i could have no scruple in abusing you to all your relations .
58	mr. darcy	what did you say of me , that i did not deserve ? for , though your accusations were ill-founded , formed on mistaken premises , my behaviour to you at the time had merited the severest reproof . it was unpardonable . i can not think of it without abhorrence .
58	elizabeth bennet	we will not quarrel for the greater share of blame annexed to that evening , [ x ] the conduct of neither , if strictly examined , will be irreproachable ; but since then , we have both , i hope , improved in civility .
58	mr. darcy	i can not be so easily reconciled to myself . the recollection of what i then said , of my conduct , my manners , my expressions during the whole of it , is now , and has been many months , inexpressibly painful to me . your reproof , so well applied , i shall never forget : " had you behaved in a more gentleman-like manner . " those were your words . you know not , you can scarcely conceive , how they have tortured me ; -- though it was some time , i confess , before i was reasonable enough to allow their justice .
58	elizabeth bennet	i was certainly very far from expecting them to make so strong an impression . i had not the smallest idea of their being ever felt in such a way .
58	mr. darcy	i can easily believe it . you thought me then devoid of every proper feeling , i am sure you did . the turn of your countenance i shall never forget , as you said that i could not have addressed you in any possible way that would induce you to accept me .
58	elizabeth bennet	oh ! do not repeat what i then said . these recollections will not do at all . i assure you that i have long been most heartily ashamed of it .
58	mr. darcy	did it , [ x ] did it _ soon _ make you think better of me ? did you , on reading it , give any credit to its contents ?
58	mr. darcy	i knew , [ x ] that what i wrote must give you pain , but it was necessary . i hope you have destroyed the letter . there was one part especially , the opening of it , which i should dread your having the power of reading again . i can remember some expressions which might justly make you hate me .
58	elizabeth bennet	the letter shall certainly be burnt , if you believe it essential to the preservation of my regard ; but , though we have both reason to think my opinions not entirely unalterable , they are not , i hope , quite so easily changed as that implies .
58	mr. darcy	when i wrote that letter , [ x ] i believed myself perfectly calm and cool , but i am since convinced that it was written in a dreadful bitterness of spirit .
58	elizabeth bennet	the letter , perhaps , began in bitterness , but it did not end so . the adieu is charity itself . but think no more of the letter . the feelings of the person who wrote , and the person who received it , are now so widely different from what they were then , that every unpleasant circumstance attending it ought to be forgotten . you must learn some of my philosophy . think only of the past as its remembrance gives you pleasure .
58	mr. darcy	i can not give you credit for any philosophy of the kind . _ your _ retrospections must be so totally void of reproach , that the contentment arising from them is not of philosophy , but , what is much better , of innocence . but with _ me _ , it is not so . painful recollections will intrude which can not , which ought not , to be repelled . i have been a selfish being all my life , in practice , though not in principle . as a child i was taught what was _ right _ , but i was not taught to correct my temper . i was given good principles , but left to follow them in pride and conceit . unfortunately an only son ( for many years an only _ child _ ) , i was spoilt by my parents , who , though good themselves ( my father , particularly , all that was benevolent and amiable ) , allowed , encouraged , almost taught me to be selfish and overbearing ; to care for none beyond my own family circle ; to think meanly of all the rest of the world ; to _ wish _ at least to think meanly of their sense and worth compared with my own . such i was , from eight to eight and twenty ; and such i might still have been but for you , dearest , loveliest elizabeth ! what do i not owe you ! you taught me a lesson , hard indeed at first , but most advantageous . by you , i was properly humbled . i came to you without a doubt of my reception . you shewed me how insufficient were all my pretensions to please a woman worthy of being pleased .
58	elizabeth bennet	had you then persuaded yourself that i should ?
58	mr. darcy	indeed i had . what will you think of my vanity ? i believed you to be wishing , expecting my addresses .
58	elizabeth bennet	my manners must have been in fault , but not intentionally , i assure you . i never meant to deceive you , but my spirits might often lead me wrong . how you must have hated me after _ that _ evening ?
58	mr. darcy	hate you ! i was angry perhaps at first , but my anger soon began to take a proper direction .
58	elizabeth bennet	i am almost afraid of asking what you thought of me , when we met at pemberley . you blamed me for coming ?
58	mr. darcy	no indeed ; i felt nothing but surprise .
58	elizabeth bennet	your surprise could not be greater than _ mine _ in being noticed by you . my conscience told me that i deserved no extraordinary politeness , and i confess that i did not expect to receive _ more _ than my due .
58	mr. darcy	my object _ then _ , [ x ] was to shew you , by every civility in my power , that i was not so mean as to resent the past ; and i hoped to obtain your forgiveness , to lessen your ill opinion , by letting you see that your reproofs had been attended to . how soon any other wishes introduced themselves i can hardly tell , but i believe in about half an hour after i had seen you .
58	unsure	what could become of mr. bingley and jane !
58	elizabeth bennet	i must ask whether you were surprised ?
58	mr. darcy	not at all . when i went away , i felt that it would soon happen .
58	elizabeth bennet	that is to say , you had given your permission . i guessed as much .
58	mr. darcy	on the evening before my going to london , [ x ] i made a confession to him , which i believe i ought to have made long ago . i told him of all that had occurred to make my former interference in his affairs absurd and impertinent . his surprise was great . he had never had the slightest suspicion . i told him , moreover , that i believed myself mistaken in supposing , as i had done , that your sister was indifferent to him ; and as i could easily perceive that his attachment to her was unabated , i felt no doubt of their happiness together .
58	elizabeth bennet	did you speak from your own observation , [ x ] when you told him that my sister loved him , or merely from my information last spring ?
58	mr. darcy	from the former . i had narrowly observed her during the two visits which i had lately made here ; and i was convinced of her affection .
58	elizabeth bennet	and your assurance of it , i suppose , carried immediate conviction to him .
58	mr. darcy	it did . bingley is most unaffectedly modest . his diffidence had prevented his depending on his own judgment in so anxious a case , but his reliance on mine made every thing easy . i was obliged to confess one thing , which for a time , and not unjustly , offended him . i could not allow myself to conceal that your sister had been in town three months last winter , that i had known it , and purposely kept it from him . he was angry . but his anger , i am persuaded , lasted no longer than he remained in any doubt of your sister 's sentiments . he has heartily forgiven me now .
59	jane bennet	my dear lizzy , where can you have been walking to ?
59	jane bennet	you are joking , lizzy . this can not be ! -- engaged to mr. darcy ! no , no , you shall not deceive me . i know it to be impossible .
59	elizabeth bennet	this is a wretched beginning indeed ! my sole dependence was on you ; and i am sure nobody else will believe me , if you do not . yet , indeed , i am in earnest . i speak nothing but the truth . he still loves me , and we are engaged .
59	jane bennet	oh , lizzy ! it can not be . i know how much you dislike him .
59	elizabeth bennet	you know nothing of the matter . _ that _ is all to be forgot . perhaps i did not always love him so well as i do now . but in such cases as these , a good memory is unpardonable . this is the last time i shall ever remember it myself .
59	jane bennet	good heaven ! can it be really so ! yet now i must believe you , [ x ] my dear , dear lizzy , i would -- i do congratulate you -- but are you certain ? forgive the question -- are you quite certain that you can be happy with him ?
59	elizabeth bennet	there can be no doubt of that . it is settled between us already , that we are to be the happiest couple in the world . but are you pleased , jane ? shall you like to have such a brother ?
59	jane bennet	very , very much . nothing could give either bingley or myself more delight . but we considered it , we talked of it as impossible . and do you really love him quite well enough ? oh , lizzy ! do any thing rather than marry without affection . are you quite sure that you feel what you ought to do ?
59	elizabeth bennet	oh , yes ! you will only think i feel _ more _ than i ought to do , when i tell you all .
59	jane bennet	what do you mean ?
59	elizabeth bennet	why , i must confess that i love him better than i do bingley . i am afraid you will be angry .
59	jane bennet	my dearest sister , now _ be _ serious . i want to talk very seriously . let me know every thing that i am to know , without delay . will you tell me how long you have loved him ?
59	elizabeth bennet	it has been coming on so gradually , that i hardly know when it began . but i believe i must date it from my first seeing his beautiful grounds at pemberley .
59	jane bennet	now i am quite happy , [ x ] for you will be as happy as myself . i always had a value for him . were it for nothing but his love of you , i must always have esteemed him ; but now , as bingley 's friend and your husband , there can be only bingley and yourself more dear to me . but lizzy , you have been very sly , very reserved with me . how little did you tell me of what passed at pemberley and lambton ! i owe all that i know of it to another , not to you .
59	mrs. bennet	good gracious ! [ x ] if that disagreeable mr. darcy is not coming here again with our dear bingley ! what can he mean by being so tiresome as to be always coming here ? i had no notion but he would go a-shooting , or something or other , and not disturb us with his company . what shall we do with him ? lizzy , you must walk out with him again , that he may not be in bingley 's way .
59	mr. bingley	mrs. bennet , have you no more lanes hereabouts in which lizzy may lose her way again to-day ?
59	mrs. bennet	i advise mr. darcy , and lizzy , and kitty , [ x ] to walk to oakham mount this morning . it is a nice long walk , and mr. darcy has never seen the view .
59	mr. bingley	it may do very well for the others , [ x ] but i am sure it will be too much for kitty . wo n't it , kitty ?
59	mrs. bennet	i am quite sorry , lizzy , that you should be forced to have that disagreeable man all to yourself . but i hope you will not mind it : it is all for jane 's sake , you know ; and there is no occasion for talking to him , except just now and then . so , do not put yourself to inconvenience .
59	mr. darcy	go to your father , he wants you in the library .
59	mr. bennet	lizzy , [ x ] what are you doing ? are you out of your senses , to be accepting this man ? have not you always hated him ?
59	mr. bennet	or , in other words , you are determined to have him . he is rich , to be sure , and you may have more fine clothes and fine carriages than jane . but will they make you happy ?
59	elizabeth bennet	have you any other objection , [ x ] than your belief of my indifference ?
59	mr. bennet	none at all . we all know him to be a proud , unpleasant sort of man ; but this would be nothing if you really liked him .
59	elizabeth bennet	i do , i do like him , [ x ] i love him . indeed he has no improper pride . he is perfectly amiable . you do not know what he really is ; then pray do not pain me by speaking of him in such terms .
59	mr. bennet	lizzy , [ x ] i have given him my consent . he is the kind of man , indeed , to whom i should never dare refuse any thing , which he condescended to ask . i now give it to _ you _ , if you are resolved on having him . but let me advise you to think better of it . i know your disposition , lizzy . i know that you could be neither happy nor respectable , unless you truly esteemed your husband ; unless you looked up to him as a superior . your lively talents would place you in the greatest danger in an unequal marriage . you could scarcely escape discredit and misery . my child , let me not have the grief of seeing _ you _ unable to respect your partner in life . you know not what you are about .
59	mr. bennet	well , my dear , [ x ] i have no more to say . if this be the case , he deserves you . i could not have parted with you , my lizzy , to any one less worthy .
59	mr. bennet	this is an evening of wonders , indeed ! and so , darcy did every thing : made up the match , gave the money , paid the fellow 's debts , and got him his commission ! so much the better . it will save me a world of trouble and economy . had it been your uncle 's doing , i must and _ would _ have paid him ; but these violent young lovers carry every thing their own way . i shall offer to pay him to-morrow ; he will rant and storm about his love for you , and there will be an end of the matter .
59	mr. bennet	if any young men come for mary or kitty , send them in , for i am quite at leisure .
59	mrs. bennet	good gracious ! lord bless me ! only think ! dear me ! mr. darcy ! who would have thought it ! and is it really true ? oh ! my sweetest lizzy ! how rich and how great you will be ! what pin-money , what jewels , what carriages you will have ! jane 's is nothing to it -- nothing at all . i am so pleased -- so happy . such a charming man ! -- so handsome ! so tall ! -- oh , my dear lizzy ! pray apologise for my having disliked him so much before . i hope he will overlook it . dear , dear lizzy . a house in town ! every thing that is charming ! three daughters married ! ten thousand a year ! oh , lord ! what will become of me . i shall go distracted .
59	mrs. bennet	my dearest child , [ x ] i can think of nothing else ! ten thousand a year , and very likely more ! 't is as good as a lord ! and a special licence . you must and shall be married by a special licence . but my dearest love , tell me what dish mr. darcy is particularly fond of , that i may have it tomorrow .
59	mr. bennet	i admire all my three sons-in-law highly , [ x ] wickham , perhaps , is my favourite ; but i think i shall like _ your _ husband quite as well as jane 's .
60	elizabeth bennet	how could you begin ? [ x ] i can comprehend your going on charmingly , when you had once made a beginning ; but what could set you off in the first place ?
60	mr. darcy	i can not fix on the hour , or the spot , or the look , or the words , which laid the foundation . it is too long ago . i was in the middle before i knew that i _ had _ begun .
60	elizabeth bennet	my beauty you had early withstood , and as for my manners -- my behaviour to _ you _ was at least always bordering on the uncivil , and i never spoke to you without rather wishing to give you pain than not . now be sincere ; did you admire me for my impertinence ?
60	mr. darcy	for the liveliness of your mind , i did .
60	elizabeth bennet	you may as well call it impertinence at once . it was very little less . the fact is , that you were sick of civility , of deference , of officious attention . you were disgusted with the women who were always speaking , and looking , and thinking for _ your _ approbation alone . i roused , and interested you , because i was so unlike _ them _ . had you not been really amiable , you would have hated me for it ; but in spite of the pains you took to disguise yourself , your feelings were always noble and just ; and in your heart , you thoroughly despised the persons who so assiduously courted you . there -- i have saved you the trouble of accounting for it ; and really , all things considered , i begin to think it perfectly reasonable . to be sure , you knew no actual good of me -- but nobody thinks of _ that _ when they fall in love .
60	mr. darcy	was there no good in your affectionate behaviour to jane while she was ill at netherfield ?
60	elizabeth bennet	dearest jane ! who could have done less for her ? but make a virtue of it by all means . my good qualities are under your protection , and you are to exaggerate them as much as possible ; and , in return , it belongs to me to find occasions for teazing and quarrelling with you as often as may be ; and i shall begin directly by asking you what made you so unwilling to come to the point at last . what made you so shy of me , when you first called , and afterwards dined here ? why , especially , when you called , did you look as if you did not care about me ?
60	mr. darcy	because you were grave and silent , and gave me no encouragement .
60	elizabeth bennet	but i was embarrassed .
60	mr. darcy	and so was i.
60	elizabeth bennet	you might have talked to me more when you came to dinner .
60	mr. darcy	a man who had felt less , might .
60	elizabeth bennet	how unlucky that you should have a reasonable answer to give , and that i should be so reasonable as to admit it ! but i wonder how long you _ would _ have gone on , if you had been left to yourself . i wonder when you _ would _ have spoken , if i had not asked you ! my resolution of thanking you for your kindness to lydia had certainly great effect . _ too _ _ much _ , i am afraid ; for what becomes of the moral , if our comfort springs from a breach of promise ? for i ought not to have mentioned the subject . this will never do .
60	mr. darcy	you need not distress yourself . the moral will be perfectly fair . lady catherine 's unjustifiable endeavours to separate us were the means of removing all my doubts . i am not indebted for my present happiness to your eager desire of expressing your gratitude . i was not in a humour to wait for any opening of your 's . my aunt 's intelligence had given me hope , and i was determined at once to know every thing .
60	elizabeth bennet	lady catherine has been of infinite use , which ought to make her happy , for she loves to be of use . but tell me , what did you come down to netherfield for ? was it merely to ride to longbourn and be embarrassed ? or had you intended any more serious consequence ?
60	mr. darcy	my real purpose was to see _ you _ , and to judge , if i could , whether i might ever hope to make you love me . my avowed one , or what i avowed to myself , was to see whether your sister were still partial to bingley , and if she were , to make the confession to him which i have since made .
60	elizabeth bennet	shall you ever have courage to announce to lady catherine what is to befall her ?
60	mr. darcy	i am more likely to want more time than courage , elizabeth . but it ought to done , and if you will give me a sheet of paper , it shall be done directly .
60	elizabeth bennet	and if i had not a letter to write myself , i might sit by you and admire the evenness of your writing , as another young lady once did . but i have an aunt , too , who must not be longer neglected .
60	elizabeth bennet	i would have thanked you before , my dear aunt , as i ought to have done , for your long , kind , satisfactory , detail of particulars ; but to say the truth , i was too cross to write . you supposed more than really existed . but _ now _ suppose as much as you chuse ; give a loose to your fancy , indulge your imagination in every possible flight which the subject will afford , and unless you believe me actually married , you can not greatly err . you must write again very soon , and praise him a great deal more than you did in your last . i thank you , again and again , for not going to the lakes . how could i be so silly as to wish it ! your idea of the ponies is delightful . we will go round the park every day . i am the happiest creature in the world . perhaps other people have said so before , but not one with such justice . i am happier even than jane ; she only smiles , i laugh . mr. darcy sends you all the love in the world that he can spare from me . you are all to come to pemberley at christmas . your 's , & c.
60	mr. bennet	dear sir , i must trouble you once more for congratulations . elizabeth will soon be the wife of mr. darcy . console lady catherine as well as you can . but , if i were you , i would stand by the nephew . he has more to give . your 's sincerely , & c.
61	lydia bennet	my dear llzzy , i wish you joy . if you love mr. darcy half as well as i do my dear wickham , you must be very happy . it is a great comfort to have you so rich , and when you have nothing else to do , i hope you will think of us . i am sure wickham would like a place at court very much , and i do not think we shall have quite money enough to live upon without some help . any place would do , of about three or four hundred a year ; but however , do not speak to mr. darcy about it , if you had rather not . your 's , & c.
