1	morbo	welcome back . our next guest has been teaching the world to cook for over 20 years . but apparently my uh , wife has n't been listening .
1	linda	oh funny !
1	elzar	morbo i 'm gon na whip you up a nice , unnameable horror from beyond - with mango chutney .
1	morbo	pathetic humans ! prepare to write down the recipe !
1	fry	hey , uh , what 's with all the pots and pans ? you building a wife ?
1	bender	part of one . meantime i 'm cooking up a tasty sunday brunch for my best friends !
1	fry	brunch . right . i 'd better warn - tell - warntell the others !
1	bender	okey-dokey !
1	hermes	ooo !
1	leela	nice !
1	farnsworth	yes , it 's a perfect scale model of the universe 's largest bottle . i put a tiny spaceship inside to keep it from being boring .
1	zoidberg	ohh !
1	farnsworth	get - ! for the last time zoidberg look with your eyes not with your claws !
1	fry	brace yourselves . bender is making us brunch .
1	zoidberg	oh boy !
1	farnsworth	oh god ! my tract !
1	fry	he 's so proud of his awful cooking . if we do n't eat it he 'll be crushed .
1	leela	alright do n't panic . if we can get to the ship , we can fly north and hide under the polar icecaps for a few weeks .
1	fry	hurry !
1	farnsworth	good idea !
1	zoidberg	what 's the hold-up ?
1	bender	fleeing somewhere ?
1	fry	uh , with you blocking the only escape route ? do n't be silly !
1	bender	in that case brunch is served ! let 's go , move it out , stop crying leela !
1	farnsworth	zoidberg , are you coming ?
1	zoidberg	sure . me .
1	farnsworth	because i do n't want you touching that thing .
1	zoidberg	i know that . surrender your mysteries to zoidberg ! oh no ! professor will hit me . but if zoidberg fixes it , then perhaps gifts ! ow , what ? ohh !
1	bender	today , i 've personalised each of your meals . for example , amy , you 're cute , so i baked you a pony . come on ! eat ! i slaved all day over a filthy stove !
1	hermes	this is terrible !
1	farnsworth	good thing i secretly installed this wormhole in the table !
1	amy	where does the other end come out ?
1	farnsworth	you know i 'm not quite sure . oh dear me !
1	bender	the pie is ready . you guys like swarms of things right ?
1	zoidberg	casual hello , it 's me zoidberg , act naturally . ow ! ouch ! get off of me ! stop !
1	leela	how interesting dr zoidberg . do go on .
1	bender	hey check out the palm tree ! it only gets sick when i cook brunch ! how 's that for a coincidence professor ? with all your precious science !
1	fry	man , i do n't wan na hurt bender 's feelings ...
1	fry	... but this food actually tastes better as vomit !
1	leela	it 's unbearable ! how much do you think it would cost to get my tongue removed ?
1	bender	( crying ) and this time i mean it !
1	bender	aw , who am i kidding ? it was stupid of me to ever dream of becoming a chef . i do n't have what it takes and nothing can change that . then it 's settled ! elzar will teach me to cook !
1	elzar	absolutely not .
1	bender	but i watch your show . you owe me !
1	elzar	i owe you nothing ! for starter 's your antenna 's in my crotch . also i hate you . finally , you ca n't cook for squat .
1	bender	what was the first one again ?
1	elzar	i hate you .
1	bender	i thought that was number two .
1	elzar	i knocked it up a notch . bam !
1	zoidberg	aw , i 'll never recombobulate this ship ! when the professor finds out , he 'll tear me a new cloaca ! wait ! what would the robot do ? frame someone .
1	fry	what up ?
1	fry	( singing ) i 'm walking on sunshine ! la la la la sunshine !
1	bender	( crying ) it 's over ! my dream of being a chef is deadder than the cat i 'm sitting on !
1	hobo	gus old chum , let 's give a friendly welcome to this new robo .
1	bender	what did you call me ?
1	gus	a robo . you know ? a robot-hobo .
1	bender	oh ok i thought you said " romo . "
1	hobo	no offence intended my filthy friend . in fact , why not join us and ride the space rails ?
1	gus	get ready . we 's gon na jump off at that switching prism up ahead .
1	hobo	we 're going nearly the speed of light so uh , roll when you land .
1	bender	ow .
1	gus	welcome to bumbase alpha , the biggest hobo jungle in the quadrant .
1	bender	i 've seen bigger . oh wait i 'm thinking of eugene oregon . wait . a pie with hobo-lifting aroma ? who baked it ?
1	gus	helmut spargle . he used to be the greatest chef .
1	hobo	his restaurant was so high toned , the only way to get reservations was to create a parallel universe where you already had reservations .
1	gus	yep . i once ate there back when i what was a senator .
1	bender	yo spargle , if you 're such a great cook , how 'd you end up in this dump ?
1	spargle	ages ago i was the host of a tv show ...
1	spargle	( voice-over ) ... down home country kitchen mit helmut spargle . but one day the extreme soda company that sponsored the show decided it was too old fashioned .
1	man	spargle , you 're fired ! we need a chef who can attract today 's younger extreme cooking show viewer .
1	spargle	elzar !
1	elzar	get lost old man ! bam !
1	spargle	mein souffl !
1	spargle	elzar had been seduced by the dark side of cooking . cilantro , mango slasa , raspberry vinaigrette !
1	bender	that twizzler !
1	spargle	as for me , i went temporarily insane and vound up here - making pies out of shoes .
1	bender	my story 's a lot like yours only more interesting 'cause it involves robots . that jerk elzar ruined my dream of being a chef too .
1	spargle	interesting . you wish to become a cook , but as a robot you have no sense of taste .
1	bender	it 's so unfair ! i have eight other senses but i 'd trade them all , even smission , to be able to taste .
1	spargle	you do n't understand . without the distraction of taste , your mind is free to touch the zen of pure flavour . you could become the greatest chef ever .
1	bender	i could ?
1	spargle	yes . just as beethoven was a great composer because he was deaf !
1	bender	or like how rembrandt was blind and had wooden hands !
1	spargle	bender , hear me well , i shall train you . but first you must forget everything you know about cooking .
1	bender	done .
1	farnsworth	that 's right ricardo , a ship in a bottle ... ! what 's that ... ? well hang on , i 'll look .
1	ricardo	ola ? professor ? qu pasa ?
1	farnsworth	i 've gathered you all here in the accusing parlour because one of you is a miniature ship wrecker !
1	zoidberg	i 'm acting astonished .
1	farnsworth	certain clues suggest the culprit is none other than our own ... philip j. fry !
1	fry	what ?!
1	farnsworth	oh it was a brilliant scheme but you made one fatal mistake ... leaving this confession note .
1	zoidberg	fry you scoundrel !
1	fry	well , i do n't remember any of that but i do n't have the wherewithal to defend myself .
1	farnsworth	then i have no choice but to charge you the full cost of the materials .
1	fry	there you go .
1	zoidberg	( shouting ) what have i done ?!
1	spargle	your training is complete , little dessert spoon . now , just as the man who wishes to be world chess champion must win at least one game of chess so must you serve at least one edible meal . ( whispering ) succeed and i shall reveal to you the age old secret ( whispering more ) of perfect flavour .
1	gus	ooh yeah !
1	bender	slop 's on !
1	gus	fine lookin ' eats !
1	spargle	it is ... acceptable .
1	bender	yahoo! another thing i 'm great at ! wait . why 'd you stop eating master ?
1	spargle	( hoarse ) because ... my stomach is about to explode .
1	bender	what ? my dinner killed you ? oh man !
1	spargle	( hoarse ) oh it hurts . but do n't lose confidence . the important thing is that you defeat elzar after i am gone . and using this , you can not fail .
1	bender	a diamond vial of mrs dash ?
1	spargle	( hoarse ) no , it is the essence of pure flavour . a few drops will cause the inner perfection of any dinner to blossom forth . oh ! there goes my ... life .
1	bender	i 'll avenge you master . i swear , in the presence of these drunken bums , that i shall defeat elzar !
1	gus	oh i 'm not drunk , i 'm mentally ill ! but i like what what you said !
1	bender	elzar , i 'm a walking pile of your unfinished business !
1	elzar	why you -
1	bender	helmut spargle has a message for you . he says ( hoarse ) " ooo , i 'm dead ! "
1	elzar	spargle huh ? what he do , bland himself to death ?
1	bender	no . he was eating some food i made and by a crazy coincidence his stomach exploded . now i 'm here to avenge him .
1	elzar	ok but it seems like you 're the one who killed him .
1	bender	maybe so but you are his sworn enemy . i challenge you to a battle of the chefs .
1	customer	scandalous !
1	elzar	very well . we 'll meet on the ancient televised battleground of kitchen coliseum ! whosever meal is best will claim the title of iron cook .
1	bender	iron cook eh ? i ca n't lose . i 'm 30 % iron ! you 're going down ! uh , also i had a reservation for one , under " dr bender . "
1	hiroki	please welcome the superintendant of kitchen coliseum ... chairman koji ! no robot chef has ever competed here but today one has barged his way in to challege for the title of ...
1	koji	... iron cookuru !
1	fry	( shouting ) yeah you show 'em !
1	hiroki	let 's meet today 's celebrity judges : captain of the harlem globetrotters , ethan bubblegum tate !
1	tate	konnichiwa brother !
1	hiroki	tv anchor-monster morbo !
1	morbo	greetings pathetic host !
1	hiroki	and a woman who ended a thousand year war with her apple dandies , martha stewart 's head !
1	stewart	the secret is fresh pork .
1	hiroki	and now , chairman koji will present the theme ingredient to be used in every dish today .
1	bender	( quietly ) if it 's chicken : chicken la king . if it 's fish : fish la king . if it 's turkey : fish la king !
1	koji	soylent greuu !
1	hiroki	soylent green , a classic ingredient of gourment cooking . and the battle is on . aki , what 's elzar making ?
1	aki	well hiroki-san , when i asked him he asked what business it was of mine and conjectured that my mother was a prostitute .
1	stewart	in the english countryside many prostitutes decorate their rooms with festive gourds .
1	female announcer	30 minutes to go .
1	hiroki	look at bender roll that dough !
1	tate	i 've never seen such confident , powerful strokes of the ass !
1	stewart	you 've never seen mine !
1	tate	( sexfully ) no i have n't !
1	female announcer	fifteen minutes remaining .
1	hiroki	the iron cook is bringing in his signature creation , a working pastry replica of downtown venice . ]
1	man	commemorative turkey basters , get your commemorative turkey basters .
1	fry	yo , hook me up . my turkey is dry and i 've tried everything . oh right . never mind .
1	zoidberg	oh the guilt ! the unbearable guilt !
1	female announcer	fifteen seconds .
1	elzar	bam !
1	female announcer	ten seconds .
1	bender	master spargle . if you can hear me up there in that ditch where i left you , this is for you .
1	koji	time , uperuu !
1	hiroki	the iron cook neptunian has gone all out to please the judges . he 's even garnished the salad with $ 100 bills . let 's see what they think .
1	tate	mmm , soylent green is my kind of people !
1	morbo	scrumptious . morbo will store this in his sack for future digestion .
1	stewart	i 'm swimming in my own soylent waste . it 's a good thing .
1	hiroki	next , up , challenger bender . a student of the legendary hemut spargle , bender is some sort of wonderful mechanical man .
1	stewart	ooo ... delicious !
1	tate	this food looks kind of funky , but it tastes kind of funkay !
1	morbo	the challenger 's ugly food has shown us that even hideous things can be sweet on the inside .
1	hiroki	and now , judgement . the winner will become the new iron cook , the loser is doomed to scrub . who 's confection achieves perfection ? who 's foodstuff will be the good stuff ?
1	koji	challengeruu benderuu !
1	fry	yay !
1	farnsworth	that 's my robot ! i own him !
1	bender	you honour me chairman koji .
1	koji	domo arigato , mr roboto .
1	bender	chairman-san , i came here with one goal . to humiliate elzar in a large stadium . i believe i ' e done that .
1	elzar	no question .
1	bender	but the true zen of flavour is not found in a coliseum . it is found in a small kitchen , with friends . that is why i decline the title of iron cook and accept only the lesser title of zinc saucier which i just made up . also it comes with double prize money .
1	zoidberg	wait ! everyone must know . i broke the professor 's bottled ship . and what is worse , i framed my dearest friend fry ! ( crying ) i can never repay him his ten dollars . so i must take the only honourable path . what the killing myself . here i go already . huh ?
1	koji	oh ! that sword cost 5000 dolluu !
1	zoidberg	fry did it !
1	bender	and that 's how i defeated elzar - thanks to spargle 's magic liquid .
1	leela	yes , we were there . and we just finished watching it on tv .
1	farnsworth	hmm . let me see that vial bender . good lord ! according to the spectrolizer , spargle 's magic ingredient was ... water . ordinary water !
1	hermes	no !
1	fry	ah , so the real gift spargle gave you was confidence . the confidence to be your best .
1	farnsworth	yes , ordinary water . laced with nothing more than a few spoonfuls of lsd .
1	bender	the important thing is , by my standards , i won fair and square . now , who wants brunch ? cooked with plenty of ... " confidence " ?
1	leela	i 'm in !
1	farnsworth	i do !
2	farnsworth	good news everyone ! several years ago i tried to log on to aol , and it just went through ! wheee ! we 're online !
2	farnsworth	go ahead ! get into these net suits . i designed and tested them myself .
2	leela	it smells like burning recess monkey .
2	farnsworth	really ? i guess when you 're around it all day you stop noticing . off you go .
2	fry	hey !
2	bender	behold ! the internet !
2	fry	my god ! it 's full of ads !
2	leela	follow me !
2	fry	it 's immense .
2	leela	it 's got every piece of information anyone could ever want .
2	fry	so i see !
2	zoidberg	what ? what 's going on here ?
2	amy	hey , that 's me !
2	bender	no it is n't . i just took some pictures of your face and stuck them on someone else 's body .
2	leela	hey !
2	man	are you over 18 ?
2	kid	yes .
2	younger kid	yes .
2	bender	i 'm telling you fry they 've got a chatroom for everybody . and here it is .
2	amy	ew , that is so gross !
2	leela	yeah . i 'll stick with this one thank you .
2	amy	yeah .
2	bender	hi , i 'm a naughty nurse and i really need someone to talk to . 9.95 a minute .
2	man #2	ooo , you 're a dollar naughtier than most .
2	bender	so how ' bout them knicks ?
2	nerd #1	hello ? are there any girls in this room at all ?
2	nerd #2	yeah , bring on the hot chicks 'cause i 'm a hot stud .
2	nerds	yeah !
2	nerd #3	so are we !
2	leela	i 'm a woman if that 's what you mean . i do n't like to play games so i 'll just say i 'm a cyclops , i 'm a spaceship captain , i 'm the only one of my species and i 'm interested in meeting a man .
2	nerd #4	a woman . i 'm scared .
2	fry	well , thanks to the internet , i 'm bored with sex . is there a place on the web that panders to my lust for violence ?
2	bender	is the space pope reptilian ?
2	hermes	get ready for fun fry . nowadays we have a type of game played entirely on video .
2	leela	we call it a " video game . "
2	fry	uh , " video game " you say ? well golly gee , you mighty spacemen of the future will have to show me how it works .
2	zoidberg	the doctor is in ! the doctor is out .
2	farnsworth	everyone please sign off , we have a delivery . plus i have to use the phone - leela please tell the others that
2	leela	who are you ?
2	cyclops	i saw you in the chatroom but you left before i had a chance to talk to you . after all these years of searching for another cyclops .
2	leela	i ca n't believe it . i 've dreamed of this moment all my life .
2	cyclops	do you think perhaps you and i - ?
2	leela	fry , you idiot . ever since i was abandoned on earth i 've been searching for who my people are and where they come from . then i finally meet another cyclops and you blast him . you wrecked my one chance to learn who i am .
2	fry	oh leela . i feel terrible . if there 's anything i can ever do - gotcha ! i won ! i 'm the greatest !
2	leela	come on . we have worked to do .
2	fry	are you still mad at me for wrecking your once in a lifetime chance to learn the meaning of your existence ?
2	leela	no , i 'm just happy you were able to win a video game . now lets concentrate on getting this desperately needed popcorn to the people of cineplex 14 ok ?
2	voice	leela , you 've got mail . it 's not spam !
2	leela	huh ? it 's him !
2	cyclops	to : leela . subject : hello . i am alkazar . fortunately i wrote down your screenname before i was dispatched by that oaffish moron .
2	fry	kicked your ass !
2	alkazar	leela we have much to discuss . please come join me on the planet of your birth . co-ordinates follow .
2	fry	too bad we got ta make that urgent popcorn delivery .
2	leela	it 'll get there .
2	leela	after a whole life of searching i may finally have found where i belong .
2	bender	too bad it 's a dump .
2	leela	look at that statue . it 's only got one eye .
2	fry	lazy sculptor !
2	alkazar	welcome home leela .
2	leela	alkazar ? are you real ? or am i seeing single ?
2	alkazar	ow ! of course i 'm real !
2	leela	after all this time . somebody else with one eye who is n't a clumsy carpenter or , uh , a kid with a bb gun .
2	alkazar	it 's alright leela . you 'll never be alone again . let me introduce you to yourself . do you mind if your servants walk ?
2	leela	not at all !
2	alkazar	we are the last remaining cyclopses . our planet is cyclopia . this is our capital , cyclops city . stop me if i 'm going too fast for you .
2	leela	there 's so much information and yet somehow i feel as if i know it all already .
2	alkazar	this sacred mosaic depicts our goddess of beauty .
2	fry	hmm , you got any sacred artwork of her from the back ?
2	alkazar	her perfect eye reminds me of yours leela . had our race survived , you would have been a temple priestess or a supermodel .
2	leela	oh please ! really ?
2	alkazar	and there 's the pirate purple beard , scourge of the six seas .
2	fry	what 's over that hill ?
2	alkazar	the forbidden valley . a holy sancturary where no one may tread .
2	fry	is that anything like a cemetary 'cause i got ta take a leak . ow !
2	leela	fry , that 's offensive to our people . is n't it ?
2	fry	ow !
2	alkazar	this is my home . i hope you do n't think less of me because i live in a giant castle .
2	leela	oh no not at all . if anything , i 'm more impressed .
2	bender	ooo ! i 'm gon na need to make some room !
2	alkazar	in here 's where i dream my lonely dreams and cook my simple meals .
2	leela	it 's all so sad . what happened to our people ?
2	alkazar	its too painful to speak of now . come , i 'll show you your quarters .
2	bender	ow ! ow ! ow !
2	leela	i heard you from my room . what 's wrong ?
2	alkazar	it 's just - no leela . i do n't want to see tears in your perfect eye .
2	leela	please , is it bout the fate of our people ? because i 'm very interested in that .
2	alkazar	well ok . but it 's chilly and you 're going to be all wet from the tears . let 's go into my chamber .
2	alkazar	it was n't long ago . our people were happy and prosperous ...
2	alkazar	... but the eyeless mole people of subterra 3 grew jealous of our visual proness . they fired missile in all directions hoping to hit cyclopia .
2	alkazar	unfortunately , one of the 40 planets hit , was ours .
2	cyclopian	how far away do you think it is ?
2	scientist	a trillion miles ?
2	alkazar	things got hot . you look a little hot , you can take off that jacket . our people do n't like to be hot . anyway , just before the impact ...
2	alkazar	our smartest scientists managed to save one baby
2	leela	alkazar , i used to be a baby , it might have been me !
2	alkazar	fortunately i was employed as a pool cleaner at the time and when i emerged from retrieving a dead possum , i found i was the only one left .
2	leela	it 's so tragic .
2	alkazar	yes , but the real tragedy is that our race ends with us .
2	leela	it does n't have to .
2	alkazar	what do you mean ?
2	leela	you 're a male and i 'm a female .
2	alkazar	i 'm still not following you .
2	leela	wake up my king .
2	alkazar	oh jeez what a night . make me some coffee would you .
2	leela	uh , sure ok . what do you take with that ?
2	alkazar	pancakes and sausage . kitchen 's in the basement , pans are in the attic .
2	leela	maybe after breakfast we can talk about rebuilding our civilisation .
2	fry	mmm ! great pancakes leela !
2	alkazar	yeah they 'll come in handy if i need to cover any tiny manholes . listen hun , we do n't want to look like slobs in front of the other species do we ?
2	leela	no .
2	alkazar	so get to work on these dishes . and then organise my collection of naked celebrity photos by name and what you can see .
2	leela	look alkazar .
2	alkazar	call me al. .
2	leela	look al. . i know you 've been living alone a long time and i can sympathise but i 'm not your maid .
2	alkazar	you 're right , i 'm sorry . it looks like the relationshipis n't going to work afterall . so much for the cyclops race . i thought it was a pretty good race but -
2	leela	ok ok , i 'll do the dishes . hey where 'd they go ?
2	bender	ah , leela 's experiencing the greatest joy a woman can feel : worshipping some lowlife jerk .
2	fry	he may be some lowlife jerk but i do n't trust him . i think he 's hiding something and i 'm gon na find out what it is .
2	fry	try and stop me !
2	leela	al ? i did my hair the way you wanted it . who are these people ?
2	alkazar	friends .
2	leela	hey , where 'd you get this couch and that tv set and all this stuff ?
2	alkazar	they were giving it away on the street corner . just like you leela .
2	leela	too bad they were n't giving away the three things you actually need : mouthwash , a back wax and stain-proof underwear .
2	rat woman	you go girl !
2	alkazar	by the way your pal fry fell into the dungeon . feed him a taco so he does n't die and stink up the place .
2	leela	come on al , ca n't you let the little guy out ?
2	alkazar	jeez leela , twice in one day ? i 'm not superman !
2	leela	why were you sneaking into my people 's forbidden valley ?
2	fry	'cause i think alkazar 's hding something . listen leela , you may not like it , you may not believe it , you may not wan na hear it but alkazar 's a jerk , he 's bad for you . he -
2	leela	i know .
2	fry	you do ?
2	leela	fry if it 's obvious to you with your learning disability then of course it 's obvious to me ! he 's crude and gross and he treats me like a slave .
2	fry	then dump his one eyed ass .
2	leela	i ca n't . if i leave alkazar then that 's the end of the cyclops race . and i wo n't let that happen . even if that means a lifetime of unhappiness .
2	leela	i 'll break up with him at dinner .
2	fry	i 'll be there .
2	alkazar	yo leela , what gives ? pig says your slop tastes like crap .
2	pig	yeah , like crap .
2	fry	c'mon leela you deserve better than this guy ! dump him already !
2	leela	i 'm trying .
2	alkazar	hey everyone jam a sock in your spit faucets . not long ago i spent my lonely nights renting slash flicks with rat man and his girlfriend . but then a beautiful woman arrived and - stop eating pig ! and she brought new hope for me and our once great civilisation . now a million centuries of cyclops destiny depend on the answer to one question ...... leela , will you marry me ?
2	fry	no ! no !
2	leela	yes ! i will !
2	fry	ohh !
2	rat woman	they 're getting married !
2	amy	congratulations leela !
2	zoidberg	hello !
2	hermes	oh this is great !
2	fry	pst , leela . you 've got to get me out of here . it 's horrible , eating scraps , letting my waste drop wherever it falls like an animal in the zoo .
2	leela	animals go in the corner .
2	fry	the corner ! why did n't i think of that ?
2	leela	look fry i 'd like to help you but it 's my wedding and i 'm kind of busy . here , try to be happy for me . that way at least one of us will be .
2	fry	that 's it ! it 's time for this bird to walk .
2	fry	bender come on . we 've got to get some dirt on alkazar . lets go and find out what makes the forbidden valley so forbidden .
2	bender	uh no thanks i 'm good .
2	fry	but there 's probably some cool forbidden stuff you can steal .
2	bender	i do n't know fry . for the first time in my life i feel like i 've stolen enough .
2	fry	bender , snap out of it !
2	bender	sorry i do n't know what came over me . let 's go . ( singing ) i love stealing , i love taking things !
2	zoidberg	that pig over there is wearing the same sandals as me .
2	fry	come on boy , jump ! good boy !
2	bender	whoa mittens !
2	fry	my god ! four identical castles !
2	bender	each more identical than the last !
2	fry	that 's weird . it 's another cyclops , only this one has five eyes .
2	bender	and here 's another one with no eyes .
2	preacherbot	does anyone have a reason why this couple shall not be joined in the irrevocable shackles of holy bliss ?
2	farnsworth	saving a race of one-eyed monsters ? who could object to that ?
2	alkazar	cut to the chase preach !
2	preacherbot	do you alkazar ...... takethiswomanbeforeyou ... tolove . . insickness . . do you part ?
2	alkazar	yeah sure i do come on faster !
2	preacherbot	do you leela , copy and paste his response til death do you part ?
2	leela	i. . d -
2	amy	oh my god !
2	alkazar	what the ?
2	fry	hey alkazar , you left somebody off the guest list .
2	5-eyes	alkazar , why you are so late for our wedding ? and why you have only one eye ?
2	alkazar	it , uh , oo ! uh , hey sweetie , just go back to the castle and wait for me . she , she 's nuts , i can morph into a 5-eyed alien and i kinda said i 'd marry her . but i 'm really a cyclops and i 'm really going to marry you .
2	fry	oh yeah ? then what about this ?
2	alkazar	this is a bit awkward .
2	5-eyes	who 's she ?
2	leela	who 's she ?
2	sandy	who are they ?
2	alkazar	go back to the castle sandy .
2	fry	and maybe you 'd like to meet her . and her .
2	alkazar	leela , this must all be ver confusing .
2	leela	a little . that 's why i 've decided to hurt you until you explain it .
2	sandy	show us your real form !
2	leela	yeah !
2	thing #2	do it !
2	alkazar	well , this is the real me . but i can explain . we all have needs . mine was to make it with five weirdos and have them scrub my five castles . i gave you all what you wanted and of course i made a few bucks letting pig watch through the two way mirror . can any of you sa you would n't have done the exact same thing in my position ?
2	bender	he 's a saint !
2	leela	but why did you have all five weddings on the same day ?
2	alkazar	hey lady , you got any idea how much it costs to rent a tux that changes shape ?
2	leela	alright alkazar , i just have one last question for you .
2	alkazar	what 's that ?
2	leela	if you can change form , why did n't you change it in the one place that counts ?
2	leela	thanks for saving me from that creep fry .
2	fry	hey , that 's what i do .
2	leela	i guess i was so desperate to find out who i really was , i forgot who i really was .
2	farnsworth	no harm done . in the many decades you 'll work to repay me for that shipment of popcorn you destroyed , you 'll have plenty of time to search for your true home .
2	leela	yeah . i mean , how many planets can there be ?
3	farnsworth	good news , everyone . tomorrow you 'll be making a delivery to ebola 9 , the virus planet .
3	hermes	why ca n't they go today ?
3	farnsworth	because tonight 's a special night and i want all of you to be alive . it 's the academy of inventors annual symposium .
3	fry	wow ! i love symposia .
3	farnsworth	it 's the event of the scientific season . every member presents an invention and the best one wins the academy prize .
3	bender	sounds boring .
3	farnsworth	oh , my , yes . but not this year , because my latest invention is unbeatable . behold ! the death clock . simply jam your finger in the hole and this readout tells you exactly how long you have left to live .
3	leela	does it really work ?
3	farnsworth	well it 's occasionally off by a few seconds . what with free will and all .
3	fry	sounds like fun . how long do i have left to live ?
3	bender	ooh ! dibs on his cd player !
3	farnsworth	oh , my , yes .
3	fry	who 's the gross nerd ?
3	farnsworth	that 's me at the very first symposium . i 'm the academy 's oldest living member , you know . these youngsters all look up to me .
3	wernstrom	well , well , well . look who decided to show his wrinkled face .
3	farnsworth	why do n't you just leave me alone , wernstrom ?!
3	wernstrom	face it , farnsworth , you 're over the hill . it 's time to leave science to the 120-year-olds .
3	farnsworth	you young turks think you know everything . i was inventing things when you were barely turning senile .
3	wernstrom	go home before you embarrass yourself , old man . now , if you 'll excuse me , i 'm going to take a nap before the ceremonies .
3	fry	who 's that jerk ?
3	farnsworth	a hundred years ago he was my most promising student at mars university . but then after one fateful pop-quiz ...
3	wernstrom	a-minus ? no one gives ogden wernstrom an a-minus !
3	farnsworth	i 'm sorry but penmanship counts .
3	wernstrom	i swear i 'll have my revenge even if it takes me a hundred years .
3	farnsworth	and here it is : slightly over 99 years later and still no revenge . i 'm essentially in the clear .
3	bender	i 've been perusing your fortified wine list and i 've selected the '71 hobo 's delight , the '57 chateau par-tay and the '66 thunder chevitz .
3	waiter	exquisite choices , sir .
3	bender	and mix them all together in a big jug .
3	popeil	welcome to this years academy of inventors annual symposium , i 'm your host , ron popeil , inventor of mr. microphone , the spray-on toupee and - of course - the technology to keep human heads alive in jars . but wait , there 's more . we 've got a whole line-up of inventors tonight , starting with that up and coming young star , ogden wernstrom .
3	bender	( shouting ) more wine !
3	wernstrom	distinguished members of the academy , i present to you , the reverse scuba suit . observe ! fetch ! now , sit ! i said sit ! bad fish !
3	fry	do n't worry , professor , it 's no competition for your death clock .
3	wernstrom	and what will you be presenting this evening , grandpa ?
3	farnsworth	let 's just say it 'll put you young whippersnappers in your place !
3	wernstrom	i just hope it 's not as lame as that death clock you presented last year .
3	farnsworth	uh , last year , you say ?
3	wernstrom	that 's right .
3	farnsworth	oh , my ! did it put you young whippersnappers in your place ?
3	wernstrom	hardly ! we laughed until our teeth fell out . come along , cinnamon .
3	farnsworth	oh , dear , i 'll have to invent something new in the next ten minutes . perhaps some sort of death clock .
3	leela	uh , professor ... ?
3	popeil	our last presentation comes from our oldest member , professor hubert farnsworth . professor ?
3	farnsworth	just a second , just a second .
3	wernstrom	pencils down , prune-face .
3	farnsworth	uh , yes , here i am , ok , now , hello there . now , we all know telescopes allow us to see distant objects . but what if we want to smell distant objects ? well now we can ! thanks to my new invention ... the smellescope .
3	man	oh , i say !
3	farnsworth	the odour travels past this coffee stain here , around the olive pit and into this cigar burn . and this appears to be a , doodle of myself as a cowboy . but the smellescope is brilliant , i tell you ! think of the astronomical odours you 'll smell thanks to me . oh , my !
3	wernstrom	i 've waited a hundred years for this , farnsworth . i give your invention the worst grade imaginable : an a-minus-minus .
3	popeil	and now for the presentation of the award . listen , folks , i 'm practically giving this prize away to dr. wernstrom , for his fish thingy .
3	farnsworth	perhaps 149 is just too old to be a scientist .
3	bender	yep !
3	fry	no , professor , do n't give up . there were plenty of times in my century when i was gon na give up but i never did . never ! hey , are you even listening to me ? oh , i give up !
3	farnsworth	by god , you 're right ! i 'm going to build that smellescope !
3	farnsworth	eureka !
3	fry	did you build the smellescope ?
3	farnsworth	no , i remembered that i 'd built one last year . go ahead . try it . you 'll find that every heavenly body has its own particular scent . here , i 'll point it at jupiter .
3	fry	smells like strawberries .
3	farnsworth	exactly ! and now saturn .
3	fry	pine needles . oh , man , this is great ! hey , as long as you do n't make me smell uranus .
3	leela	i do n't get it .
3	farnsworth	i 'm sorry , fry , but astronomers renamed uranus in 2620 to end that stupid joke once and for all .
3	fry	oh . what 's it called now ?
3	farnsworth	urectum . here , let me locate it for you .
3	fry	no , no , i think i 'll just smell around a bit over here ! hmm . hmm .
3	farnsworth	what is it ? oh , jeez ! oh , man ! remarkable ! a stench so foul is right off the funk-o-meter . i dare say fry may have discovered the smelliest object in the known universe .
3	bender	ooh , ooh , name it after me !
3	leela	i think it 's moving .
3	farnsworth	hmm , perhaps the computer can calculate its trajectory . my god ! whatever it is it 's headed straight for us . with enough force to reduce this entire city to a stinky crater . we have less than 72 hours .
3	bender	well , lets get looting !
3	fry	so this thing 's gon na destroy the whole city ? what the heck is it ?
3	farnsworth	ah ! just as i thought . the answer lies in this movie i found on the internet .
3	narrator	new york city : the year 2000 . the most wasteful society in the history of the galaxy and it was running out of places to empty its never-ending output of garbage . the landfills were full . new jersey was full . and so , under cover of darkness , the city put its garbage out to sea on the world 's largest barge . the repulsive barge circled the oceans for 50 years but no country would accept it . not even that really filthy one . you know the one i mean . finally , in 2052 , the city used its mob connections to obtain a rocket and launch the garbage into outer space . some experts claim the ball might return to earth someday , but their concerns were dismissed as " depressing " .
3	fry	wow ! you got that off the internet ? in my day the internet was only used to download pornography .
3	farnsworth	actually that 's still true .
3	female scientist	now that the garbage is in space , doctor , perhaps you can help me with my sexual inhibitions .
3	male scientist	with gusto !
3	farnsworth	so that 's the situation . due to the short-sightedness of old new york , new new york is going to be destroyed by a giant ball of garbage .
3	leela	fry , what the hell were you people thinking back then ? how could you just throw your garbage away ?
3	fry	hey , hey , gimmie a break ! what do you do with it ?
3	leela	we recycle everything . robots are made from old beer cans .
3	bender	yeah ! and this beer can is made outta old robots .
3	leela	and that sandwich you 're eating is made of old discarded sandwiches . nothing just gets thrown away .
3	fry	the future is disgusting .
3	leela	typical 20th century attitude .
3	fry	hey ! you have no right to criticise the 20th century . we gave the world the lightbulb , the steamboat and the cotton gin .
3	leela	those things are all from the 19th century .
3	fry	yeah , well , they probably just copied us .
3	farnsworth	please ! there 's no time for this now . this is an emergency . we must warn the mayor .
3	poopenmeyer	garbage ball , huh ? that sounds serious .
3	farnsworth	very serious , mayor poopenmeyer .
3	poopenmeyer	i got ta be sure this is n't another scientific fraud like global warming or second-hand smoke . send in my science advisor .
3	farnsworth	wernstrom !
3	wernstrom	well , well , well ! come to present your latest napkin , professor ?
3	farnsworth	no , i 'm here because a giant trash ball is heading straight for us . smell for yourself .
3	poopenmeyer	hey ! holy jeez !
3	wernstrom	that smell could be anything ; a faulty stench coil , some cheese on the lens , who knows ?
3	woman	mr. mayor , we just got this transmission from neptune .
3	man	giant ... garbage ball ..... passed close by ... horrible stench ..... .
3	woman	the transmission cuts out there , sir . no , i , guess it keeps going .
3	woman	there we go .
3	poopenmeyer	my god ! the senile old man is right .
3	wernstrom	do you mean him or me ?
3	poopenmeyer	him !
3	linda	next , new new york in crisis . morbo ?
3	morbo	thanks , human female . puny earthlings were shocked today to learn that a ball of garbage will destroy their pathetic city of new new york .
3	linda	makes me glad we live here in los angeles .
3	morbo	morbo agrees !
3	leela	ca n't we just shoot a missile at it ?
3	military man	we 've simulated that on a supercomputer but the ball is just too damn gooey . a missile would go right through it .
3	farnsworth	but suppose we send a crew to plant an explosive precisely on the fault line betwen this mass of coffee grounds and this deposit of america online floppy disks .
3	military man	in theory , it could work .
3	wernstrom	uh , in theory , perhaps . but you 'll never find a crew willing to take on a mission so suicidal-y dangerous .
3	bender	oh , crap !
3	farnsworth	now , you 'll only have one chance to destroy the ball . after that , it will be so close to earth that blowing it up would cause garbage to rain over the entire planet , killing billions .
3	bender	( ironic ) oh , boo-hoo !
3	farnsworth	now here 's the bomb i 've prepared . once you activate it , you 'll have 25 minutes to get away .
3	leela	that 's all ? but --
3	farnsworth	now , now , there 'll be plenty of time to discuss your objections when and if you return .
3	leela	odour at magnitude 8 . magnitude 12 . magnitude 31 . we 're breaking up . turn on the anti-smell device .
3	fry	hmm , sporty !
3	fry	wow !
3	leela	look at all this filth .
3	fry	it 's not filth . it 's a glorious monument to the achievements of the 20th century . look ! a real beanie baby . oh ! a mr. spock collector 's plate ! some bart simpson dolls !
3	doll	eat my shorts !
3	bender	ok ( la homer simpson ) mmm ! shorts !
3	leela	fry , this stuff was garbage when it was new . let 's blow it up already !
3	fry	this junk is n't garbage ! i can dig in any random pile and find something great .
3	fry	( gasping ) alright , let 's get to work .
3	leela	let 's see . if that 's hypodermic ridge then the bomb must go right here . get ready to run . we 've got 25 minutes . uh , 15 minutes . 5 minutes . 6h minutes ?
3	bender	there 's your problem . the professor put the counter on upside-down .
3	leela	that idiot ! it was n't set for 25 minutes , it was set for 52 seconds .
3	fry	we 're gon na die ! ( calmly ) right ?
3	bender	right !
3	bender	it 's gon na blow !
3	leela	hey , watch it ! you 'll put somebody 's eye out !
3	bender	ok , ok , keep your space pants on . i 'll take care of this .
3	fry	we 're saved !
3	leela	yeah , but this garbage ball 's unstoppable now . new new york is done for .
3	linda	all in all , this is one day mittens the kitten wo n't soon forget !
3	morbo	kittens give morbo gas . in lighter news , the city of new new york is doomed . blame rests with known human professor hubert farnsworth and his tiny , inferior brain .
3	farnsworth	oh , how could i have put that bomb timer on upside-down ? i could swear i followed the manual precisely . i 'm a dried up husk of a scientist . this is all my fault .
3	fry	no , it 's my fault too . i 'm sure i threw out more than my share of that trash up there . also , one month my toilet broke and it just went straight in the garbage can . leela was right . the people of the 20th century were idiotic slobs . especially me .
3	poopenmeyer	enough ! you all failed miserably . it 's time to put a real scientist in charge .
3	farnsworth	wernstrom !
3	wernstrom	the very same .
3	poopenmeyer	dr. wernstrom , can you save my city ?
3	wernstrom	of course . but it 'll cost you . first i 'll need tenure .
3	poopenmeyer	done .
3	wernstrom	and a big research grant .
3	poopenmeyer	you got it .
3	wernstrom	also , access to a lab and five graduate students , at least three of them chinese .
3	poopenmeyer	um , alright done . what 's your plan ?
3	wernstrom	what plan ? i 'm set for life ! au revoir , suckers !
3	leela	that rat ! do something !
3	poopenmeyer	i wish i could but , he 's got tenure !
3	poopenmeyer	it 's time to take action . stephanie , cancel the maid for today . have her come tomorrow . well , i 'm out of ideas . anyone ?
3	farnsworth	wait ! if we could build an object the exact size , density and consistency of the garbage ball , it might just knock the ball away without smashing it to bits .
3	leela	but where can we find a substance the exact density and consistency as garbage ?
3	farnsworth	alas , i do n't know .
3	fry	uh , what about garbage ?
3	farnsworth	good lord ! a second ball of garbage ! that just might work !
3	poopenmeyer	but garbage is n't something you just find lying in the streets of manhattan . this city 's been garbage-free for 500 years !
3	fry	then it 's time to make some more .
3	poopenmeyer	make garbage ? but how ?
3	fry	stand back and watch the master ! this slurm can . now it 's garbage . these papers . garbage . this picture of your wife . pure garbage . now you try it .
3	poopenmeyer	by god , i think the boy 's got something . come on , everyone ! the fate of the city is at stake !
3	fry	good ! do n't finish that cruller , throw it away bender . drink that beer and drop the bottle on the ground . very nice .
3	poopenmeyer	get that robot some more beer ! we 've trashed this room but that 's just the start . we 've got to get fry 's message to the people .
3	fry	people of new new york . take a lesson from the 20th century . stop all this pain-in-the-ass recycling and throw your garbage on the floor .
3	fry	go ahead . just chuck it any old place like i used to . your city is counting on you .
3	farnsworth	if my calculations are correct , this garbage ball will knock the other garbage ball directly into the sun .
3	wernstrom	and if my calculations are correct , we 're all going to die horribly .
3	poopenmeyer	alright , places everyone . prepare for launch .
3	farnsworth	five , four , three , two , three , four , five , six ...
3	leela	just fire the damn thing .
3	fry	oops !
3	farnsworth	burning garbage !
3	fry	it worked !
3	poopenmeyer	and so , on behalf of the entire city , i thank you , professor farnsworth . i now present you with the academy prize , which we confiscated from dr. wernstrom after it became apparent that he was a jackass .
3	farnsworth	yes ! in your face , wernstrom !
3	wernstrom	i 'll get you , farnsworth . even if it takes me another hundred years .
3	poopenmeyer	and , fry , we owe you a tremendous debt as well . if not for your 20th century garbage-making skills , we 'd all be buried under 20th century garbage .
3	leela	should we really be celebrating ? i mean , what if the second garbage ball returns to earth like the first one did ?
3	fry	who cares ? that wo n't be for hundreds of years .
3	farnsworth	exactly ! it 's none of our concern .
3	fry	that 's the 20th century spirit !
4	farnsworth	good news everyone , the university is bringing me up on disciplinary charges ! wait , that 's not good news at all .
4	leela	whatever you did professor , i 'm sure there 's a reasonable explanation .
4	farnsworth	yes but they wo n't listen . everyone 's always in favour of saving hitler 's brain but when you put it in the body of a great white shark ( sarcastic ) ooo , suddenly you 've gone too far .
4	vernon	professor farnsworth , do you know why we 've called you here today ?
4	farnsworth	listen to me you pompous frauds , if i 'm going down , i 'm taking you all with me . dean vernon , i know the truth . it was you driving your hover-car that night , not your horse . dean epsilon , i know all about your " department of pool boy studies . " and dr wernstrom ... werrrnstrom !
4	vernon	actually professor , we merely called you here to say ...... surprise .
4	man #1	surprise !
4	man #2	happy birthday !
4	hermes	surprise !
4	farnsworth	and you coach smalley , or should i say " coach hairpiece " ?
4	leela	no professor , it 's a surprise party for your 150th birthday .
4	farnsworth	( muttering ) hundred and ... what ? oooh !
4	bender	good evening i 'm - whoa , sorry . i 'm bender and i 'll be mc-ing this roast . y' know , they say you can judge a man by the company he keeps , so here 's the professor 's oldest friend : a grotesque , stinking lobster !
4	zoidberg	good evening ladies and germs . that was n't a joke , i was talking to dean streptococcus . now i 'm not saying professor farnsworth is old , but if you consider his age he 's likely to die soon ! hey ringo , that was the joke . oh , it 's showtime at the apollo all over again .
4	bender	where would the professor be without students who love and respect him ? right there ! but seriously , of all the former crew members of the professor 's delivery ship , our next speaker is by far the most alive . captain muskie ?
4	zoidberg	i would n't wan na follow that guy !
4	bender	and now , a man who needs no introduction . ( whispering ) fry , get up there !
4	fry	oh . thank you . y' know , when i was first asked to make a film about my nephew , professor farnsworth , i thought " why should i ? " then later leela made the film . but if i had made the film , you could bet there would have been a lot more topless women on motorcycles ! roll film !
4	fry	( whispering ) dork alert !
4	bender	how ' bout a few words professor ?
4	farnsworth	eh wha ?
4	bender	i said " words . "
4	farnsworth	uh , what a pleasure it is to see my lifetime of accomplishments summed up in a 3-minute film . my best years are behind me . so much left undone . so little time .
4	bender	funny funny stuff .
4	farnsworth	my life is over .
4	leela	no it is n't . you have another 10 years left .
4	fry	leela ! he could live another 100 years !
4	leela	no , he could n't . when you turn 160 , robots from the sunset squad take you to a mysterious planet and you never return .
4	fry	wow , a whole planet of old people . where is it ?
4	bender	( spookily ) nobody knows !
4	farnsworth	so many loves half-loved . so many inventions half-invented . that damn time machine alone set me back 15 years .
4	zoidberg	if only it 'd worked . you could go back and not waste your time on it .
4	farnsworth	there 's no one to carry on after i 'm gone . no one to take care of my work and my research and my fabulous fortune . by god , that 's it ! i 've got to name a successor .
4	fry	a successor ?
4	zoidberg	a successor to the professor ?
4	farnsworth	there 's no time to lose . i 'm off to my lab to build a successor-naming machine !
4	fry	man , the professor 's been in his lab for days .
4	bender	i hope he did n't die . unless he left a note naming me his successor . then i hope he did die .
4	zoidberg	you ? the successor ? over my empty shell ! the professor will pick me . only i have his lobster-like tenacity !
4	hermes	up yours zoidberg . up wherever your species traditionally crams things . the only successful way to choose a successor is with a limbo contest .
4	leela	what ?
4	hermes	kingston rules . two men go down , one come up .
4	leela	look , the professor trusts me with a giant spaceship . he would n't trust the rest of you with his dentures .
4	amy	yesh he would .
4	fry	sorry everyone but need i remind you ? blood is thicker than water .
4	zoidberg	blood ... thicker ... water .
4	farnsworth	everyone , i have a very dramatic announcement . so anyone with a weak heart should leave now . goodbye .
4	leela	uh , professor ?
4	farnsworth	oh yes , the announcement ! as you all know , i am not long for this world ...
4	leela	yes , we know .
4	hermes	true mon !
4	amy	buh !
4	fry	one foot in the grave .
4	farnsworth	... so i 've picked my successor . it 's someone in whom i have great faith - even though his mind is undeveloped and he 's accomplished nothing . my closest living relative ...
4	fry	oh yeah !
4	farnsworth	my clone , cubert farnsworth .
4	zoidberg	he 's horrible !
4	fry	crud . can i at least be in charge of your dentures ?
4	amy	you wish !
4	fry	where did cubert come from ?
4	farnsworth	12 years ago i began the cloning process by removing some skin cells from one of the shaplier growths on my back .
4	leela	wait , if he 's your clone then why does n't his nose look like yours ?
4	farnsworth	i left him in his first tube too long and he got squished up against the side .
4	bender	is he dumb or just ugly ?
4	farnsworth	let 's find out .
4	cubert	what ? you 've never seen a genius 's wiener before ?
4	zoidberg	no .
4	leela	never .
4	fry	well , once in the park .
4	zoidberg	mmm !
4	cubert	as long as i 'm going to be in charge here , let me examine my so called " crew , " if it can so be called . first of all , dr zoidberg , do you even have a medical degree ?
4	zoidberg	i lost it ... in a volcano .
4	cubert	and why do we need a bending robot around here anyway ? what possible use do we have for you ?
4	bender	uh ... me no speaka the english .
4	cubert	and why does our space pilot have only one eye ? there 's someone i 'd like you to meet . his name is depth perception !
4	leela	why you little - !
4	cubert	wow , that hurt - the air !
4	bender	im pending para un bending !
4	farnsworth	oh cubert , come in here . i have something amazing to show you .
4	cubert	what is it ? a compitent employee ? i doubt that very much !
4	fry	little twerp .
4	bender	aye chihuahua !
4	farnsworth	as my successor i 'm trusting you to carry on my work . these are just some of the half finished inventions you 'll spend your life finishing .
4	cubert	i did n't realise you were the inventor of the junk heap .
4	farnsworth	that 's my prizewinning smelloscope . if a dog craps anywhere in the universe , you can bet i wo n't be out of the loop . and this is my universal translator . unfortunately so far it only translates into an incomprehensible dead language .
4	cubert	hello .
4	universal translator	bonjour !
4	farnsworth	crazy gibberish !
4	cubert	do n't you have any worthwhile inventions ?
4	farnsworth	why certainly . step over here .
4	farnsworth	these are the dark matter engine i invented . they allow my starship to travel between galaxies in mere hours .
4	cubert	that 's impossible . you ca n't go faster than the speed of light .
4	farnsworth	of course not . that 's why scientists increased the speed of light in 2208 .
4	cubert	also impossible .
4	farnsworth	and what makes my engines truly remarkable is the afterburner which delivers 200 % fuel efficiency .
4	cubert	that 's especially impossible .
4	farnsworth	not at all . it 's very simple .
4	cubert	then explain it .
4	farnsworth	now that 's impossible . it came to me in a dream and i forgot it in another dream .
4	cubert	your explainations are pure weapons grade balognium . it 's all impossible .
4	farnsworth	nothing is impossible . not if you can imagine it . that 's what being is a scientist is all about .
4	cubert	no , that 's what being a magical elf is all about .
4	bender	oh my god , oh my god ! it 's elzar , the tv chef ! oh kill me now people !
4	elzar	how we doing here ?
4	bender	oh elzar , everything 's so good !
4	elzar	what are you , an ass kissing machine ?
4	bender	yes sir , good one sir !
4	farnsworth	oh it 's a gem of an evening ! i feel so wonderful having someone to take over my life work ! and it 's all thanks to cubert .
4	cubert	look professor . i may be identical to you in every possible way but that does n't mean i 'm anything like you .
4	farnsworth	you ... wha ?
4	cubert	i do n't want to be an inventor . i want to be something useful like a teacher 's aide or a prison guard or a science fiction cartoon writer .
4	farnsworth	but-but what about my hopes and my dreams and my wonderful inventions ?
4	cubert	in your entire life your only half-decent invention was me and i did n't turn out like you wanted either .
4	elzar	you folks still doing alright ?
4	bender	oh yes elzar .
4	elzar	good 'cause it turns out i forgot to cook that chicken .
4	farnsworth	bad news everyone . by the time you watch this tape , i 'll be gone . leaving by nothing but a history of failure and my original hipbones . you see , i 've been lying about my age . i 'm not actually 150 . i 'm 160 . oh vanity , thy name is professor farnsworth . and now that i 've nothing to live for , i 've alerted the sunset squad robots to take me away .
4	farnsworth	goodbye cruel world . goodbye cruel lamp . goodbye cruel velvet drapes , lined with what would appear to be some sort of cruel muslin ...... and the cute little pompom curtain pull cords , cruel though they may be a -
4	holo-farnsworth	and now that i 've nothing to live for , i 've alerted the sunset squad robots to take me away .
4	amy	what ?
4	hermes	oh no !
4	zoidberg	oh .
4	holo-farnsworth	i know you 're all very upset , especially bender .
4	bender	( unmoved ) well , life goes on . except for you !
4	holo-farnsworth	i 'm sure that bender has just made a cutting remark but he does n't know i taped over his soap operas to record this message .
4	bender	you bastard !
4	fry	we 've got ta get him back .
4	cubert	impossible . no one knows where they take those old geezers .
4	fry	nothing is impossible . you 'd know that if you really took after the professor , like i do .
4	cubert	you 're his uncle dummy , he takes after you .
4	fry	uh ... what ?
4	cubert	wait a second , that means i also take after you !
4	leela	quiet . i think i know how to find the professor .
4	bender	lay it on us big boots .
4	leela	if the smelloscope can pick up the professor 's odour , we may have a chance to save him .
4	cubert	i think not . as you probably already do n't know , odours are made up of particles that ca n't travel through the vacuum of space .
4	leela	i 'm zeroing in on him . bengay ... mothballs ...... letters to the editor . it 's the professor !
4	bender	to the flying machine !
4	fry	to the left ! no to the up ! u-turn , u-turn !
4	cubert	we 'll never find this place . robots are very good at keeping secrets .
4	bender	no we 're not you little bed wetter . oops i 'm sorry .
4	leela	there it is ! the near-death star !
4	leela	ok , we 'll tell them the professor escaped and we 're bringing him back . fry , you 'll have to dress up like a 160 year old man .
4	fry	i 'm on it !
4	cubert	( sarcastic ) my god , the illusion is so perfect i almost forgot i was looking at an idiot !
4	leela	now they may ask for a dna sample .
4	fry	i 'd like to see them find it !
4	cubert	this is impossible , we do n't even hae a sample of the professor 's dna .
4	bender	i think i know where to get some .
4	cubert	why do i have to be the hump ?
4	fry	'cause you 're too ugly to be a wart .
4	leela	your medicare dollars at work .
4	barrierbot #1	halt ! identify this guest .
4	leela	uh , this is professor hubert farnsworth . he escaped .
4	barrierbot #1	escaped ? no one escapes .
4	barrierbot #2	this guest does not look 160 .
4	fry	what ? i 'm old . listen . ( old man voice ) hey you kids , get off the lawn !
4	barrierbot #1	hmm , it is true that old people are often concerned that there are children on their lawns .
4	barrierbot #2	there 's no denying that . but we 'll still need to verify his identidity with a dna sample .
4	bender	got a hot steaming batch right here !
4	barrierbot #2	we only need one cell !
4	bender	eh , keep the change buddy .
4	cubert	stupid robot .
4	barrierbot #1	did you hump just say something ?
4	fry	uh....i-i 've got talking hump syndrome .
4	barrierbot #1	ah , ths .
4	barrierbot #2	identity confirmed . return this shambling shuffleboarder to his room .
4	barrierbot #1	7152 maple drive .
4	leela	sounds nice .
4	barrierbot #1	prepare to be surprised .
4	fry	so this is where they stick old people . it 's horrific .
4	leela	at least it keeps them from driving .
4	leela	brace yourself for the worst .
4	bender	and yet he looks so natural .
4	cubert	what 's happening ?
4	leela	he 's hooked up to a life-support system . we have to disconnect him very very carefully , or the shock could kill him .
4	guardbot #1	freeze ! seize them !
4	guardbot #2	seize them !
4	guardbot #3	seize them !
4	guardbot #4	seize them !
4	guardbot #1	get them - i mean seize them !
4	guardbot #2	aww i 'm so bad at this !
4	guardbot #3	uh-oh !
4	leela	we 're probably going to make it , but we might not .
4	cubert	it 's impossible , we 'll never fit .
4	fry	will too .
4	cubert	told you .
4	fry	come on leela , step your big boot down on the gas pedal .
4	leela	they 've blown out one of our engines !
4	fry	fix it fix it fix it fix it fix it fix it ! fix it fix it fix it !
4	leela	only the professor knows how to fix it . we have to wake him up .
4	fry	try shocking him .
4	bender	( shouting ) your social security cheque is late ! stuff costs more than it used to . young people use curse words !
4	fry	damnit , we 'll have to fix the engine ourself .
4	leela	we ca n't you bastard , no one knows how it works . it 's impossible .
4	cubert	nothing is impossible . i understand how the engines work now . it came to me in a dream . the engines do n't move the ship at all . the ship stays where it is and the engines move the universe around it .
4	bender	that 's a complete load .
4	cubert	nothing 's a complete load . not if you can imagine it . that 's what being a scientist is all about . right professor ?
4	farnsworth	eh ... whuh ...
4	cubert	let 's ride !
4	cubert	good news everyone , he 's made a complete recovery .
4	amy	yeah !
4	hermes	wow !
4	leela	all right !
4	farnsworth	i 'm as spry as a 140 year old . see ? i only broke one ankle .
4	fry	so what were they doing to you in that awful drawer ?
4	farnsworth	oh , they had me hooked up to a bizarre virtual world that seemed absolutely real .
4	amy	what was it like ?
4	farnsworth	it was as though i was living in a facility in florida with hundreds of other old people . all day long we 'd play bingo , eat oatmeal and wait for our children to call .
4	leela	it 's a hundred times more horrible than anything i could imagine .
4	farnsworth	oh my yes . thank you all for saving me . especially you my little clone . no matter what you decide to do with your life , i 'm still proud of you .
4	cubert	i 've already decided . dad , when i grow up i wan na be just like you .
4	farnsworth	do n't worry son . you will . incidentally , you might want to read up on a condition known as " wandering bladder . "
4	cubert	why ?
4	farnsworth	no reason . no reason at all .
5	fry	i ca n't take it anymore ! they 've been at it for hours ! ( shouting ) give it a rest , you two !
5	robot	( shouting ) sorry !
5	teacher	good morning , class . i trust you 've all prepared for today 's final exam .
5	fry	uh , excuse me ? i missed a few lectures . uh , what subject is this ?
5	teacher	ancient egyptian algebra .
5	fry	what a nightmare !
5	teacher	mister fry , are those your underpants ? young man , i think it 's time you learned a lesson about lightspeed brand briefs .
5	announcer	( voice-over ) lightspeed fits today 's active lifestyle . whether you 're on the job ...... or having fun ... lightspeed briefs . style and comfort for the discriminating crotch .
5	fry	what a weird dream ! i 'll never get back to sleep .
5	fry	so you 're telling me they broadcast commercials into people 's dreams ?
5	leela	of course .
5	fry	but , how is that possible ?
5	farnsworth	it 's very simple . the ad gets into your brain just like this liquid gets into this egg . although in reality it 's not liquid , but gamma radiation .
5	fry	that 's awful . it 's like brainwashing .
5	leela	did n't you have ads in the 20th century ?
5	fry	well , sure , but not in our dreams . only on tv and radio . and in magazines and movies and at ball games and on buses and milk cartons and t-shirts and written in the sky . but not in dreams . no siree !
5	bender	quit squawking , flesh wad , nobody 's forcing you to buy anything .
5	amy	yeah . i mean we all have commercials in our dreams but you do n't see us running off to buy brand name merchandise at low , low prices .
5	saleswoman	hi ! care to sample the latest fragrance from calvin clone ?
5	amy	no thanks .
5	saleswoman	and you , sir ?
5	bender	no thanks i --
5	cosmetologist	what a lovely face . we just need to draw attention away from the eye area .
5	fry	cool . can i try these on before i buy them ?
5	salesman	i 'm afraid i ca n't let you open the package . but you can try on the demo pair .
5	fry	: ooh ! ho ho ho !
5	amy	hey , bender ! great new sweater .
5	bender	new ? what sweater ? i came in with it . i do n't know you people !
5	salesman	$ 30 , please .
5	fry	$ 30 ? i ca n't afford that . unless ... do you take visa ?
5	salesman	visa has n't existed for 500 years .
5	fry	american express ?
5	salesman	600 years .
5	fry	discover card ?
5	salesman	sorry we do n't take discover .
5	amy	hey ! you 're springing for lightspeed ? pretty ritzy !
5	fry	no , i ca n't afford them . being poor sucks . what kind of world is this where they advertise things not everybody can afford ?
5	amy	quiet . there 's an ad coming on .
5	mom	hello shoppers . it 's me , mom !
5	fry	hey who 's the rocker jockey ?
5	amy	guh ! it 's mom . the world 's most huggable industrialist .
5	mom	call me old fashioned , but when my robot starts to squeak like an old screen door well , that 's when i reach for a can of mom 's old fashioned robot oil .
5	bender	mmm , tasty !
5	mom	and remember : mom 's oil is made with 10 % more love than the next leading brand !
5	announcer	" mom " , " love " and " screen door " are registered trademarks of mom corp. .
5	fry	hey , bender . sounds like you could use a little of that oil .
5	bender	i 'm boned .
5	smitty	freeze scuzzbot !
5	bender	uh , there 's obviously been some sort of a mistake here . i 'm sure there 's ...... i say i 'm sure there 's ...... that is , i 'm sure there 's ... a very ... reasonable ...
5	amy	do we have enough money to pay bender 's fine ?
5	fry	78 , 79 . 79.50 . crud ! we 're 50 cents short .
5	leela	i 'd love to chip in , but bender stole my wallet .
5	fry	hey , that 's my old bank . maybe my account 's still open .
5	teller	hmm . we do n't seem to have your retina scan , your fingerprint or your colonic map on file .
5	fry	yeah , well , i did open the account over a thousand years ago . what about my atm card ?
5	teller	do you still remember your pin number ?
5	fry	sure ! it 's the price of a cheese pizza and a large soda back where i used to work , panucci 's pizza .
5	teller	ok , you had a balance of 93 cents ...
5	fry	alright !
5	teller	... and at an average of 2 and a quarter percent over a period of 1000 years , that comes to ... $ 4.3 billion .
5	hermes	to fry .
5	amy	cheers !
5	leela	i know fry 's rich , but do we really have to wear these top hats ?
5	bender	maybe you do n't understand just how rich he is . in fact , i think i 'd better put on a monocle .
5	fry	pizza dinner on me ! just keep the tab under $ 50 million .
5	robot chef	yo ! i have n't got all day . what kind of pizza yous guys want ?
5	fry	uh , yeah . we 'll have one with everything but anchovies and one with my all time favourite topping , anchovies !
5	robot chef	( mechanical voice ) invalid selection . ( normal voice ) yo , what are you talking about ?
5	fry	anchovies ? you know ? those little headless fish ?
5	robot chef	( mechanical voice ) does not compute . does not compute .
5	farnsworth	i 'm sorry , fry , but the anchovy has been extinct since the 2200 's .
5	fry	what ?!
5	farnsworth	oh , my , yes . fished to death . just about the time your people arrived on earth was n't it , zoidberg ?
5	zoidberg	( defensively ) i 'm not on trial here .
5	fry	so none of you has ever had anchovies ? oh , man ! you do n't know what you 're missing . they were all salty and oily and they melted in your mouth and --
5	zoidberg	stop ! stop ! i admit it ! my people ate them all ! we kept saying " one more ca n't hurt " and then they were gone . we 're sorry !
5	fry	i just wished i could 've showed you guys how great they were . i may be rich but i still ca n't buy back all the things i miss from the 20th century .
5	bender	maybe you 're forgetting just how rich you are . huh ? huh ?
5	fry	so ? what do you think ?
5	leela	i know you spent a lot of money on this place , fry , but it 's awfully primitive . the floors are made of such hard wood .
5	bender	hey ! get a load of this pathetic 20th century tv !
5	fry	what 's wrong with it ?
5	bender	well , aside from causing eye cancer , these things had a lousy low-definition picture .
5	amy	that 's true . on a tv like this i bet you could n't even make out my obscene tattoo .
5	leela	that 's cute !
5	auctioneer	sold !
5	fry	yes !
5	leela	i just do n't get it . who was this ted danson ? and why would you pay $ 10,000 for his skeleton ?
5	fry	i have an idea for a sitcom .
5	bender	ah , leave him alone , leela . so he 's going a little wacko with his money . it 's ok .
5	leela	you 're just saying that because he bought you that antique robot toy .
5	bender	yeah , it is cute .
5	auctioneer	now , our final item : this unopened can of angry norwegian brand anchovies circa
5	fry	anchovies ?!
5	auctioneer	the last known can in existence guaranteed fresh and edible . do i hear $ 10,000 ?
5	fry	15,000 !
5	man	20 !
5	decapodian woman	30 ! no , 40 !
5	fry	50,000 !
5	leela	are you crazy ? it 's a can of old fish .
5	fry	do n't tell me how to spend my money .
5	auctioneer	50 going once , twice ...
5	mom	75,000 .
5	leela	oh , my god , it 's mom ! i 've never seen her in person before .
5	fry	100,000 .
5	leela	fry , you ca n't bid against mom . she 's the richest , most powerful person in the world . and she 's so adorable .
5	mom	well , i suppose i could go as high as ... 300,000 .
5	fry	500 !
5	mom	oh , mercy be . a million .
5	fry	two .
5	mom	six .
5	fry	14 !
5	mom	i can see the nice young man really wants those little fish . nevertheless , i 'll bid 23 million .
5	fry	one jillion dollars .
5	auctioneer	sir , that 's not a number .
5	fry	oh . in that case , 50 million .
5	mom	well , boys , your old mother knows when she 's been beat . you win , young man . i tip my bonnet to you .
5	bidder #1	is n't she adorable ?
5	bidder #2	is n't she sweet ?
5	auctioneer	what a class act ! sold ! to the gentleman who bought every item in today 's auction .
5	fry	now for some good old 20th century tv .
5	announcer	do you remember a time when chocolate chip cookies came fresh from the oven ? petridge farm remembers .
5	fry	ah , those were the days .
5	announcer	do you remember a time when women could n't vote and certain folk were n't allowed on golf courses ? petridge farm remembers .
5	leela	fry ? are you there ?
5	fry	eh ?
5	leela	you have n't been to work in three days . what have you been doing ?
5	fry	i 've been sitting right here . i picked up my life exactly where i left off a thousand years ago . now if you 'll excuse me it 's 8 o'clock . time to get biz-ay !
5	leela	you ca n't just sit here in the dark listening to classical music .
5	fry	i could if you had n't turned on the lights and shut off the stereo .
5	leela	fry , this is n't healthy . you 're living in the past .
5	fry	i 'm rich ! i can live whenever i want .
5	leela	but we 're your friends and we live here in the year 3000 .
5	bender	yeah . now are you gon na come to the squid fights with us or sit here wallowing in your prehistoric junk ?
5	fry	junk ? maybe you ca n't understand this but i 've finally found what i need to be happy , and it 's not friends : it 's things .
5	bender	i 'm a thing .
5	fry	just leave me alone .
5	leela	fry please . my ponytail 's caught in the door .
5	fry	i do n't need them . not when i have my antique videos , my bucket of fossilised kfc and 50 million dollars worth of anchovies .
5	mom	mercy me , what a day .
5	mom	could you shut the door , igner dear ? i think i feel a draught coming on . holy crap , that bastard 's itchy ! walt ! cream soda !
5	walt	right away , mother . larry , get your mother a cream soda .
5	larry	but mom said --
5	walt	you heard me .
5	igner	what 's wrong , mommy ?
5	mom	it 's those damned anchovies . that dirtbag , fry , must know their secret . and i wo n't rest until i get my hands on them . no one messes with mom !
5	walt	quiet , you !
5	mom	as you boys know , one of the cornerstones of my empire is mom 's old fashioned robot oil . think of it : 10 billion robots . each one needing an oil change every 3000 miles . you do n't have to do the math to know that 's a buttload of oil .
5	igner	can i wear your fat suit ?
5	mom	( shouting ) : no , igner , put that down .
5	igner	aww .
5	walt	what does this have to do with the anchovies ?
5	mom	i 'm getting to the freaking anchovies . a single drop of the anchovies natural oil would lubricate 10 robots permanently .
5	larry	wow , it 's a shame they went extinct .
5	mom	no it is n't , shut your filthy trap ! ( talking ) thank you , walt . if anyone ever got a hold of anchovy dna , they could chop out the oil-making gene , stick it in a bunch of third world kids and bam ! cheap effective robot oil . enough to put dear old mom out of businness .
5	walt	my god ! this mr. fry must be a mastermind of the highest order .
5	fred	esther , you ugly !
5	mom	we have only one option : we 'll have to bankrupt mr fry , so he 'll be forced to sell the anchovies to us .
5	walt	mother , you are one clever old skag !
5	mom	and do n't you forget it !
5	larry	but how are we supposed to get fry 's money out of the bank ?
5	mom	that part will be easy , thanks to the nice people at mom 's old fashioned video surveillance unit .
5	teller	do you still remember your pin number ?
5	fry	sure ! it 's the price of a cheese pizza and a large soda back where i used to work , panucci 's pizza . it 's the price of a cheese pizza and a large soda --
5	mom	you know what needs to be done .
5	larry	what ?
5	mom	get his pin number , you idiots ! ( talking ) now i 'm off to some chairty bs for knocked-up teenage sluts .
5	walt	mr. fry . it 's those three plumbers you called for .
5	larry	we 're here to tighten your drains .
5	fry	i did n't order any --
5	walt	quick ! give him the tranquilliser .
5	larry	that 's a good boy .
5	walt	wake up , mr. fry .
5	fry	where am i ?
5	walt	you 're in the good old year 2000 , working here at panucci 's pizza . you fell asleep on the job .
5	fry	that sounds like me but , i thought i got frozen . was n't i in the future ?
5	walt	no , you only " dreamed " you were in the year 3000 .
5	fry	so i 'm really back ? that 's exactly what i wanted , i guess . who are you ?
5	walt	i 'm mr. panucci .
5	fry	you are ? did you grow a moustache since last night ?
5	walt	no . now go work the currency register . i think i hear a customer coming ... i said " i think i hear a customer coming " !
5	anderson	hurry up , please . i wan na get back to the head museum .
5	larry	do n't worry , miss anderson , this wo n't take long . now , your motivation is you 're back in the year 2000 and your head 's still on your body , and you want a cheese pizza .
5	anderson	ok , but i 'm only doing this so people will take my head seriously as an actress .
5	fry	hey , look ! anchovies !
5	walt	of course . they 're not extinct yet . and if you need further proof that this is really a thousand years ago well , here 's contemporary actress , pamela anderson !
5	fry	ooh !
5	anderson	hello , fry . remember me from baywatch : the movie ?
5	fry	uh ...
5	anderson	it was the first movie to be shot entirely in slow motion .
5	walt	it has n't been made yet .
5	walt	nope .
5	anderson	crap !
5	fry	wait . you 're pamela anderson ! cool ! what can i get you ?
5	anderson	oh , i 'll have a cheese pizza and a large ... uh ... line ?
5	larry	soda !
5	anderson	oh , right ! cheese pizza and a large soda !
5	fry	uh , cheese and a -- that was quick !
5	anderson	so . what do i owe you ?
5	fry	10.77 . same as my pin number .
5	igner	hey , you do n't get to laugh .
5	igner	thanks a billion !
5	larry	more like 4.3 billion !
5	igner	ow !
5	larry	ow !
5	fry	oh , i had a nightmare i was in the year 2000 and you guys never existed . i 'm so glad i 'm awake now and you 're really here .
5	leela	since when do you care about us ?
5	bender	we thought you only cared about cans of anchovies and stuffy old songs about the buttocks .
5	fry	no , that 's not true !
5	leela	goodbye-eee !
5	bender	wheee !
5	fry	bender ! leela ! do n't leave me . wait a minute ! hey , buddy what year is this ?
5	repobot	uh , 3000 .
5	fry	3000 ? yes ! i 'm still in the future ! life is wonderful ! wait ! what are you doing with my stuff ?
5	repobot	uh , check bounced . we 're taking it all back .
5	fry	oh , no , my atm card ! my secret pin number ! 1077 . i 've got nothing left . except ...
5	leela	you 're fry 's relative . do you have any idea how he got so crazy ?
5	farnsworth	uh , wha ? oh , yes , they say madness runs in our family . some even call me mad ! and why ? because i dared to dream of my own race of atomic monsters . atomic supermen with octagonal-shaped bodies that suck blood out of ...
5	fry	leela ! bender ! i missed you so much !
5	leela	you did ? what happened ?
5	fry	i was robbed . they got everything except these .
5	bender	who did ?
5	mom	hello , fry .
5	leela	it 's mom .
5	mom	i felt terrible when i heard about your money troubles and i thought maybe i could help out a sweet young man by buying his anchovies .
5	fry	sorry . but the anchovies are n't for sale .
5	mom	what ? listen , you little bastard . i control the robot oil business and i wo n't let you ruin me . how much do you want ?
5	fry	you might as well put that chequebook away , because i 've discovered something even more important . my friends . and they are n't worth even a penny to me . that 's why these anchovies are going on a pizza , so i can share the food i love with the people i like .
5	mom	holy hell ! you 're going to eat them ? oh , well . just make sure you eat them all . you 're a growing boy . toodle-oo ! dumb ass !
5	fry	what a nice lady !
5	fry	ok , my friends . get ready for the most delicious extinct animal you 've ever tasted .
5	amy	i do n't know , i 've had cow . ew ! gross !
5	fry	ah , no one likes them at first but they 'll grow on you .
5	zoidberg	that stench . that heavenly stench ! more !
5	fry	there are n't any more . and there never will be .
5	zoidberg	more ! more ! more ! more !
6	leela	that was the worst delivery ever .
6	fry	yeah . i 'm never going to another planet called cannibalon !
6	bender	me neither . ( upbeat ) food was good , though .
6	farnsworth	oh , great news , everyone .
6	bender	shove it ! we quit !
6	farnsworth	in that case i 'll have to hire a new crew to go on our company vacation .
6	leela	vacation ?
6	bender	alright !
6	fry	this is great ! i have n't had time off since i was 21 through 24 .
6	farnsworth	it 's just my way of thanking you for not reporting my countless violations of safety and minimum wage laws .
6	bender	aww , you !
6	farnsworth	i 've booked us all on the maiden voyage of the largest , most luxurious space cruise ship ever built . the titanic !
6	leela	looks nice .
6	fry	hey , uh , where 's my suitcase ? ow !
6	poopenmeyer	as mayor of new new york , it 's my pleasure to introduce the honorary captain for the titanic 's maiden voyage . a man who single-handedly defeated the retiree people of the assisted living nebula : zapp brannigan !
6	leela	oh , god ! not zapp brannigan !
6	zoidberg	you know zapp brannigan ?
6	leela	let 's just say we 've " crossed paths " .
6	bender	was that before or after you slept with him ?
6	zapp	she 's a beautiful ship alright . shapely , seductive . i 'm gon na fly her brains out . and now , without further adieu , i christen this ship , titanic .
6	zapp	well , well , well ! the lady leela . take notes , kif . you 're about to witness the subtle waltz known as seduction . so , trapped on a ship with me . what say you and i knock some very sensual boots ?
6	leela	it 's tempting , but , uh , i have a fianc now . uh , hmm , uh , hmm , uh , we -- , uh ... him ! fry , darling , meet zapp brannigan .
6	fry	huh ? ooh ! how do you do ?
6	farnsworth	ah , here 's my stateroom .
6	bender	come on , where is it ? ohh !
6	farnsworth	now , hermes , you and your lovely wife labarbara have the suite through there . and dr. zoidberg , your marble tank is on the other side .
6	fry	man , first class seems nice !
6	farnsworth	it 'll seem even nicer once you 've seen your room .
6	amy	looks like we 're on the fiesta deck .
6	leela	this is it .
6	fry	well at least we get a window !
6	bender	well , i 'm tired of this room and everyone in it . if you 'll excuse me , i 'm gon na pop over to the casino for the next 135 hours !
6	amy	i think i 'll go and fill up on bisque at the buffet .
6	fry	i guess that just leaves you and your fake fianc ... all alone ... on a romatic cruise .
6	leela	take it off or i 'll break it off .
6	fry	ok !
6	zapp	captain 's inspection !
6	bender	hmm . i 'm bettin ' it all ! come on , baby needs a new pair of feet !
6	croupier	snake eyes .
6	bender	no ! my cheating unit malfunctioned ! you got ta give me a do-over !
6	croupier	sorry , the house limit is three do-overs . next shooter .
6	bender	gimmie you 're biggest , strongest , cheapest drink .
6	izac	you got it !
6	bender	allow me to introduce myself . i 'm bender .
6	countess	charmed . i 'm the countess de la roca . i was surprised to see another robot staying in first class . most of the robots i meet are labourers .
6	bender	i assure you , i barely know the meaning of the word " labour " .
6	countess	oh , mr. bender !
6	bender	please , call me bender .
6	countess	( embarrassed ) oh , goodness . i do n't --
6	zapp	kif , i 'm feeling the captain 's itch .
6	kif	i 'll get the powder , sir .
6	zapp	no , the itch for adventure ! prepare to change course .
6	kif	sir , this is a leisure cruise . our path was set by the travel agency .
6	zapp	that 's for schoolgirls ! now here 's a route with some chest hair .
6	kif	but that course leads directly through a swarm of comets .
6	zapp	yes , comets ! the icebergs of the sky . by jackknifing from one to the next at breakneck speed we might just get some kind of gravity boost ... or something . it 's time to shove a jalapeo up this ship 's tailpipe . divert power from the shields , full speed ahead !
6	amy	oh yeah -- !
6	mrs. wong	amy ! hello !
6	amy	mom ? dad ? what are you doing here ?
6	mr wong	we were planning on enjoying a relaxing vacation . but since you 're here , we 'll have to do some meddling .
6	mrs wong	we met the nicest boy in the cabin next to ours .
6	mr wong	he 's not very ugly .
6	mrs wong	you should marry him ! or at least use him to conceive a grandchild for us .
6	mr wong	there he is at the buffet !
6	amy	uh , he seems really nice but , well , i already have a boyfriend .
6	mrs wong	really ? where is he ?
6	mr wong	and why is n't he here right now fathering our grandchild ?
6	amy	uh ...
6	leela	well , our accommodations are n't great but it sure is beautiful our here .
6	fry	yeah , it 's pretty romantic -- uh , i mean platonic . th-that sure is one platonic view !
6	leela	fry , just be quiet . i 'm beginning to think this whole fake fianc thing was a terrible , terrible --
6	fry	hmm ? mmmm !
6	zapp	leela , perhaps this is an awkward time but if things do n't work out with this pipsqueak here ... ... i just want you to know i 'll be there to score you on the rebound .
6	leela	uh , look , before you get any crazy ideas , that was for zapp .
6	fry	well , you got anything else for him ?
6	leela	alright , can we try not to complicate this ?
6	amy	mom , dad . i 'd like you to meet fry , my boyfriend .
6	fry	hmm ? mmmm !
6	fry	see you later , wuvvums !
6	leela	it would have been nice if you 'd told me you were going out with amy .
6	fry	i 'm not going out with amy . it 's just to fool her parents . hey , you 're not jealous , are you ?
6	leela	what ? no . no ! of course not !
6	fry	good , 'cause i consider my fake relationship with you a lot more meaningful .
6	countess	mind if i freshen up a bit before we go out ?
6	bender	i was just about to suggest the same thing . pay dirt !
6	countess	lovely , is n't it ?
6	bender	yeah . but only 93 % as lovely as you .
6	countess	oh , bender ! either that was a computing error or you 're the most romantic robot i 've ever met !
6	bender	i do n't get it , izac : that bracelet had a diamond the size of a racoon 's brain . why could n't i steal it ?
6	izac	it 's obvious , mr. b , you 're in love .
6	bender	oh , it 's true . but we 're star-crossed robots . she , a countess built with a silver spoon in her mouth . and me , just a regular honest joe .
6	izac	hey , you gon na pay for those ?
6	bender	hell , no !
6	izac	security to bar area . security to bar area .
6	bender	fellas , please . i 'm in love !
6	izac	rough him up !
6	countess	what are you doing ?
6	izac	this penniless chump was stealing drinks , ma'am .
6	countess	i see . here you are , sir ... ... keep the change .
6	izac	you got it !
6	zoidberg	aha !
6	fry	go , professor !
6	amy	lean back more !
6	farnsworth	ow !
6	labarbara	come on , hermes , you could out-limbo all of these people !
6	hermes	do n't be a dog heart , woman . you know i ca n't . not after what happened .
6	announcer	now limboing for the earth team : hermes conrad .
6	boy	( shouting ) you 're my hero , hermes ! i 'm gon na be just like you !
6	hermes	no , boy , stop ! it 's too low ! your backbone ca n't take it !
6	boy	i 'm just like hermes ! i 'm just like --
6	hermes	( screaming ) nooo !
6	labarbara	there , there . now you do n't have to limbo if you do n't want . it does n't make you any less of a man .
6	farnsworth	though it did get me some action !
6	hattie	i like a man who 's flexible !
6	zapp	your attention , please . as captain of this vessel , the terrible burden of naming a limbo contest winner is mine and mine alone .
6	kif	should n't you be steering between the comets ?
6	zapp	and the winner is , leela !
6	leela	but i did n't even limbo .
6	zapp	no matter . i know from personal experience how horizontal you can get . as your reward , you and that hairpile are invited to dine at the captain 's table this evening .
6	bender	well , now you know . i 'm not actually rich . i 'm a fraud . a poor , lazy , sexy fraud . this is n't even a real bow-tie -- it 's magnetic .
6	countess	bender , i do n't care whether you have money . i love you for your artificial intelligence and your sincerity simulator .
6	bender	you do ? really ?
6	zapp	i like your style , fry . you remind me of a young me . not much younger , mind you . perhaps even a couple of years older .
6	fry	thank you , sir .
6	zapp	as a gentleman , i must warn you . if you so much as glance at another woman , i 'll be all over leela like a fly on a pile of very seductive manure .
6	fry	well , rest assured , leela 's the only girl for me .
6	amy	hey , fry .
6	leela	amy !
6	amy	leela !
6	zapp	ah , the family wong . our party is complete .
6	leela	( whispering ) what are we gon na do ? fry ca n't pretend to be both our boyfriends .
6	fry	( whispering ) sure i can . i learned how to handle delicate social situations from a little show called three 's company .
6	zapp	i 'd like to impose a toast on the happy couple . down the hatch !
6	mrs wong	hear , hear ! now lets have a kiss !
6	zapp	yes , fry . plant one on your woman .
6	fry	um , let me think . come and knock on our door , nuh nuh nuh nuh nuh nuh . uh , mr roper --
6	mr wong	what 's the hold up ? kiss my daughter already !
6	farnsworth	wait , i 'm confused . now tell me , fry , which one of these ladies are you involved with ?
6	fry	uh ...
6	kif	captain , may i have a word with you ?
6	zapp	no .
6	kif	it 's an emergency , sir .
6	zapp	come back when it 's a catasrophe . oh , very well .
6	amy	well , with zapp gone and my parents still here , i suggest fry give me a nice , convincing kiss .
6	fry	ah , now there 's something we can all enjoy .
6	kif	sir , remember your course correction ?
6	zapp	no .
6	kif	well it 's proving somewhat more suicidal than we 'd initially hoped .
6	zapp	kif , old friend , i do n't know which disgusts me more : your cowardice or your stupidity ! we 'll simply set a new course for that empty region over there . near that black-ish hole-ish thing .
6	fry	hey , leela , why 'd you run off from dinner ?
6	leela	i did n't run off . i had plenty of time to finish eating and stroll away while you were kissing amy .
6	fry	oh , look , i 'm not actually interested in her if that 's what 's bothering you .
6	leela	oh , are you sure ? i mean , she has two eyes , you have two eyes .
6	fry	i know , we seem like a perfect match , but i just do n't feel that way about her .
6	leela	nice nebula .
6	fry	yeah .
6	leela	look 's like everybody 's got somebody . except me .
6	fry	and me .
6	leela	what was that ? oh , my god ! we 're heading straight into a black hole .
6	fry	talk about a mood killer !
6	zapp	do n't blame yourself , kif . we were doomed from the start . nothing remains now but for the captain to go down with his ship .
6	kif	why , that 's surprisingly noble of you , sir .
6	zapp	no , it 's noble of you , kif ! as of now ... ... you 're in command . congratulations , captain !
6	leela	ok . we just have to get from here to the escape pods .
6	farnsworth	( shouting ) i 'm too young to die !
6	leela	come on , before its too late !
6	bender	you all go without me . i 'm gon na take one last look around . you know , for , uh , stuff to steal .
6	fry	you 're going back or the countess , are n't you ?
6	bender	( whispering ) alright , i am . but i do n't want the others to know . if i do n't come back , just say i died robbing some old man .
6	fry	i 'll tell them you went out prying the wedding ring off his cold , dead finger .
6	bender	i love you , buddy !
6	bender	( shouting ) countess ? countess ?
6	countess	( shouting ) i fell through the deck .
6	bender	( shouting ) are you hurt , my sweet ?
6	countess	( shouting ) no . luckily a family broke my fall .
6	bender	just hang on ! i 'll take care of that fire !
6	countess	bender , you risked your life to save me .
6	bender	and i 'd do it again . and perhaps a third time . but that would be it . when we kiss , i feel like i 'm standing waist deep in a pool of cold , rising water .
6	leela	hurry ! the escape pods should be just ahead !
6	hermes	( gasping ) faster !
6	leela	it wo n't move . and the door release is on the other side .
6	fry	then we 're dead meat . no one could squeeze under there !
6	hermes	no one , except a legendary limbo champion .
6	labarbara	oh , hermes !
6	hermes	ooh ! it 's been a while . this one is for that little kid who 's limboing up in heaven right now .
6	labarbara	that 's my man , alright , baby , limbo !
6	hermes	i still got the moves ! zoidberg , lower the door another inch .
6	labarbara	just go on through and hit the release , you hot dog !
6	hermes	yes , dear .
6	labarbara	that 's my man !
6	amy	yay , hermes !
6	hermes	uh , can somebody help me up ?
6	countess	well , now what are we going to do ?
6	bender	wait a second . are n't you a member of the yacht club ?
6	countess	by god , you 're right ! i 'm a class-3 yacht .
6	farnsworth	thank god there are plenty of escape pods ; we wo n't have to dress up like women and children .
6	leela	we ca n't leave yet . we 've got to wait for bender . the high gravity must be slowing down his looting .
6	mrs wong	amy !
6	amy	mom ? dad ? you 're alive !
6	mr wong	yeah but so what ? the important thing is we found you a new man .
6	mrs wong	a captain .
6	amy	uh , mom , i do n't -- hi !
6	kif	( sexfully ) hello !
6	farnsworth	i do n't feel well !
6	fry	look ! it 's our nebula . whenever i see it i 'll think back to that moment when we almost -- never mind !
6	hermes	everyone else is off the ship . where in babylon is bender ?
6	leela	i do n't know . but we ca n't wait any longer .
6	fry	goodbye , bender .
6	bender	( shouting ) wait for us !
6	leela	something 's wrong . we 're two metric tons overweight .
6	amy	well , its not me !
6	fry	look !
6	countess	i 'm slipping , bender . the pull is too strong !
6	bender	i ca n't live without you . if you let go , i let go !
6	countess	no ! you have too much to live for . it may hurt for a while but one day you 'll share your love again . after all , it 's shareware .
6	bender	do n't talk like that . tragic romances always have a happy ending .
6	countess	( shouting ) farewell !
6	bender	nooo !
6	bender	she 's gone .
6	leela	but she saved all our lives . without her , we 're light enough to get away .
6	fry	do n't cry , bender . nobody really knows what happens in a black hole . it 's possible she 's still alive in another dimension somewhere . right , professor ?
6	farnsworth	oh , yes , absolutely ! not a chance !
6	bender	at least i 'll always have her bracelet ! what do you think it 's worth ?
6	hermes	it 's fake , mon !
7	narrator	( voice-over ; on tv ) you 're entering the vicinity of an area adjacent to a location . the kind of place where there might be a monster or some kind of weird mirror . these are just examples . it could also be something much better . prepare to enter the scary door . as per your request , please find enclosed the last man on earth .
7	man	finally , solitude . i can read books for all eternity . it 's not fair ! it 's not fair ! wait , my eyes are n't that bad . i can still read the large print books . it 's not f -- ! well , lucky i know how to read braille ! hey , look at that weird mirror !
7	bender	cursed by his own hubris !
7	leela	there 's a political debate on ! quick , change the channel !
7	bender	hey , that 's what fry said when we turned on the debate !
7	announcer	( voice-over ; on tv ) c-span9 presents : the thrill of politics .
7	leela	look , i know there are no car chases but this is important . one of these two men will become president of the world .
7	fry	what do we care ? we live in the united states .
7	leela	the united states is part of the world .
7	fry	wow ! i have been gone a long time .
7	johnson	it 's time someone had the courage to stand up and say : " i 'm against those things that everybody hates " .
7	jackson	now i respect my opponent . i think he 's a good man but , quite frankly , i agree with everything he just said !
7	fry	these are the candidates ? they sound like clones . wait a minute . they are clones !
7	leela	do n't let their identical dna fool you . they differ on some key issues .
7	johnson	i say your three cent titanium tax goes too far .
7	jackson	and i say your three cent titanium tax does n't go too far enough !
7	fry	if i were registered to vote , i send these clowns a message by staying home on election day and dressing up like a clown .
7	leela	you 're not registered ?
7	fry	nope . not vaccinated either ! besides . it 's not like one vote ever made a difference .
7	leela	that 's not true . the first robot president won by exactly one vote .
7	bender	ah , yes . john quincy adding machine . he struck a cord with the voters when he pledged not to go on a killing spree .
7	farnsworth	but , like most politicians , he promised more than he could deliver .
7	leela	the point is , one vote can make a difference and even though it wo n't , i 'm still taking you to get registered .
7	farnsworth	yes , that 's a capital idea . let 's all go register .
7	fry	professor , when did you become so obsessed with voting ?
7	farnsworth	the very instant i became old .
7	farnsworth	the problem with both parties is that they always want to give your tax dollars to the less fortunate .
7	fry	the less fortunate get all the breaks !
7	zoidberg	you know , fry , you could join a third party , maybe .
7	amy	only weirdos and mutants join third parties .
7	zoidberg	really ? i 'd better keep an eye out at the next meeting .
7	fry	what party do you belong to , bender ?
7	bender	i 'm not allowed to vote .
7	fry	'cause you 're a robot ?
7	bender	no , convicted felon .
7	woman	we favour unreasonably huge subsidies to the brain slug planet .
7	fry	ok , but what are the brain slugs who control you gon na do for the working man ?
7	woman	attach brain slugs to them .
7	fry	( sarcastic ) sure , you say that now !
7	amy	so , is it true you can make all kinds of shirts and ropes out of hemp ?
7	stoned guy	dave 's not here , man .
7	amy	i also heard hemp makes great shampoo .
7	stoned guy	it does ? no way ! i got ta check out this brochure !
7	farnsworth	so what are you doing to protect my constitutional right to bear doomsday devices ?
7	n.r.a. man	well , first off , we 're gon na get rid of that three-day waiting period for mad scientists .
7	farnsworth	damn straight ! today , the mad scientist ca n't get a doomsday device , tomorrow it 's the mad grad student . where will it end ?
7	n.r.a. man	amen , brother . i do n't go anywhere without my mutated anthrax ...... for duck hunting .
7	zoidberg	sure , humans are cute , but how else are we supposed to test cosmetics ?
7	hermes	i concur .
7	fry	now here 's a party i can get excited about . sign me up !
7	v.a.p. man	sorry , not with that attitude .
7	fry	( downbeat ) ok then , screw it .
7	v.a.p. man	welcome aboard , brother !
7	fry	( excited ) alright !
7	v.a.p. man	you 're out .
7	fry	that was pretty cool . i think i 'm actually starting to get interested in politics .
7	linda	and so , with two weeks left in the campaign , the question on everyone 's mind is who will be the next president of earth ? jack johnson or bitter rival john jackson ? two terrific candidates , huh , morbo ?
7	morbo	all humans are vermin in the eyes of morbo .
7	linda	in other local news , disaster struck on saturns moon of titan today , when a titanium mine collapsed , trapping 1,000 robot workers .
7	bender	what ? lord have mercy !
7	linda	unless something is done quickly , the trapped robots will be dead within 300 years . sir , what rescue operations are planned ?
7	mine spokesman	the plan is basically to pave over the area and get on with our lives .
7	morbo	news of the mines closing sent titanium prices skyrocketing .
7	bender	alright ! i 'm rich !
7	leela	what are you talking about ?
7	bender	my body 's 40 % titanium ! i 'm finally richer than those snooty atm machines .
7	fry	too bad you ca n't spend it .
7	bender	( ironic ) oh , ca n't i ?
7	fry	no .
7	bender	watch me , poor man .
7	pawnbroker	( from inside ) pleasure doing business with you .
7	bender	game 's over , losers . i have all the money ! compare your lives to mine and then kill yourselves ! hey , get away . shoo ! i 'll give you five dollars to not do what you 're thinking about doing . you just lost five dollars !
7	bender	hey , buddy . little help ? ( shouting ) thank you !
7	bender	hello , peasants .
7	leela	bender ? what happened to you ?
7	fry	yeah , you look different . did you get a haircut ?
7	bender	no , i sold my body .
7	farnsworth	sold your body ? oh , bender , i 've been down that road . i know it 's glamorous and the parties are great but you 'll end up spending every dollar you make on jewellery and skintight pants .
7	fry	this is crazy , bender . how are you gon na live without a body ?
7	bender	pft . bodies are for hookers and fat people ! all i need is a wad of cash with a head wrapped around it .
7	fry	well , at least now you can pay off your loan shark .
7	bender	yeah , right . what 's he gon na do , break my legs ?
7	bender	ah , this is the life . another martini , please .
7	bender	shaken , not stirred . aw , yeah !
7	bender	put it all on black .
7	croupier	21 red . i beg your pardon , 33 black .
7	bender	yes ! the rich get richer !
7	bender	strike ! in your face , leela ! ow !
7	bender	( shouting ) timber !
7	fry	hey , bender , can i take a ride in your car ?
7	bender	maybe if you clean up first . it looks like your neck stepped in something . oh , i 'm sorry , that 's just your body !
7	fry	hey ! you look me in the shins and say that .
7	bender	i 've had it up to here with this place . i 'm off to the head museum to hang out with classy heads like me who appreciate the finer things : poetry , philosophy , hats . so long , coffin stuffers . uh , could one of you coffin stuffers please carry me ?
7	bender	now , which group of heads is good enough for me to hang out with ? what do you think , fry ? fry ?
7	schiffer	hi , i 'm claudia schiffer 's head .
7	fry	i recognise you . did n't you used to have a body of some sort ?
7	schiffer	yeah , but it was holding me back . you know , i just did the cover of the sports illustrated swimcap issue .
7	fry	well , you 're looking great .
7	schiffer	thanks . i would n't mind losing a few pounds though .
7	fry	could n't hurt .
7	bender	ah , us presidents . sturdy shelves , good security . this place has class .
7	clinton	( to leela ) hey , sugar cookie . you know , legally , nothing i can do counts as sex anymore .
7	ford	i apologise for his rudeness , ma'am . he gets this way around meaty-looking women .
7	fry	( to clinton ) hey , i remember you . i was gon na vote for you one time . but voting is n't cool so i stayed home alone and got trashed on listerine .
7	ford	frankly , i 've never felt voting to be all that essential to the process .
7	nixon	no kidding , ford .
7	bender	so then the hookerbot says , " that 's not my expansion slot " and my friends says , " that 's not my gold-plated 25-pin connector ! "
7	washington	oh , bender . thou robots really cracketh me up .
7	bender	you know , i like it here . what 's the rent on one of these jars ?
7	bush sr.	sorry , bender , but we just ca n't allow every tom , dick , and harry to move in . no offence , jefferson , nixon and truman .
7	carter	maybe mr. bender can get a spot in the closet of presidential losers .
7	dole	bob dole needs company . larouche wo n't stop with the " knock knock " jokes .
7	bender	pass .
7	washington	so , telleth , bender . what hath happened to your body ?
7	bender	i hocked it .
7	washington	hocked it ? why wouldst thou do that ?
7	bender	same reason you hocked your teeth .
7	washington	ah . booze money .
7	nixon	i remember my body ; flabby , pastey-skinned , riddled with phlebitis . a good republican body ! god , i loved it .
7	fry	i hear that . i spent most of my teen years loving my body . course , it was tough love but -- ooh !
7	leela	fry , he opened up relations with china . he does n't want to hear about your ding-dong .
7	bender	so , nixon . even if you miss your body , being a head 's great too , right ?
7	nixon	no , son . it 's a sad and lonely life .
7	bender	oh , great . now you tell me !
7	nixon	that 's my style . i like to kick 'em when they 're down !
7	bender	( sleep-talking ) ones ... zeros ... one , one , zero , zero , one --
7	fry	bender , what is it ?
7	bender	whoa , what an awful dream . ones and zeros everywhere . and i thought i saw a two .
7	fry	it was just a dream , bender . there 's no such thing as two .
7	bender	i know what this is about . my body loved me , and i turned its back on it . well , old friend , tie a yellow ribbon round your neck , 'cause i 'm a-comin ' home !
7	bender	you sold my body ? to who ?!
7	pawnbroker	i ca n't reveal that information , but you look like a nice robot . tell you what , i 'll give you 50 bucks for the kid .
7	fry	hey , my clothes are worth 50 bucks !
7	pawnbroker	deal .
7	bender	( crying ) oh ! how could i let this happen ? i ca n't go through the rest of my life like this .
7	farnsworth	do n't you have a self-destruct button ?
7	bender	( crying ) yeah , but it 's on my body . what am i gon na do ?
7	fry	ah , i ca n't stand to see a robot cry . let 's watch tv !
7	nixon	and so , ladies and gentlemen , i 'm throwing my head into the ring . i 'm announcing my candidacy for the presidency of earth .
7	journalist #1	just one question .
7	chang	scoop chang , beijing bugle . sir , the constitution clearly states that nobody can be elected president more than twice .
7	nixon	that 's right , nobody . but as you can plainly see , i 've got a shiny new body !
7	bender	oh !
7	leela	bender , he 's got your body !
7	bender	that dirty , double-crossing bastard ! how dare he run off with richard nixon !
7	leela	nixon must have bought your body from the pawn shop .
7	fry	yeah , and that electric guitar .
7	nixon	( singing ; on tv } remember what the dormouse said
7	bender	yeah you are , you stole my body ! fry , leela , you got ta help me !
7	leela	ordinarily i 'd say no and lecture you on how this is your own fault for being such an idiot . but when a robotic nixon is on the loose , we have a duty to take action . idiot .
7	morbo	morbo will now introduce tonight 's candidates : puny human # 1 , puny human # 2 , and morbo 's good friend , richard nixon .
7	nixon	hello , morbo . how 's the family ?
7	morbo	belligerent and numerous .
7	nixon	good man . nixon 's pro-war and pro-family .
7	bender	great . first he steals my body , now he 's touching my stuff .
7	leela	come on . we 've got ta find some way to talk to him .
7	morbo	morbo demands an answer to the following question : if you saw delicious candy in the hands of a small child would you seize and consume it ?
7	johnson	unthinkable .
7	jackson	i would n't think of it .
7	morbo	what about you , mr. nixon ? i remind you you are under a truth-o-scope .
7	nixon	uh , well , i , uh ... the question is-is vague . you do n't say what kind of candy , whether anyone is watching or uh ... at any rate , i certainly would n't harm the child .
7	campaign manager	you scored big points tonight , sir .
7	nixon	what are you talking about ? they ate me alive out there .
7	campaign manager	yes , but your body stayed on message . and that message is , " look at my shiny new body " . the robots ate it up . you 've got real charisma from the neck down .
7	nixon	nixon with charisma ? my god , i can rule the universe !
7	bender	give me my body back you two-bit thief !
7	nixon	now look here , you drugged out communist . i paid for this body and i 'd no sooner return it than i would my little cocker spaniel dog , checkers . shut up , damnit !
7	fry	please , mr. nixon . we 're appealing to your sense of decency .
7	bender	that was a good one !
7	nixon	seriously though , i 'm never giving back this body . now beat it ! before i get cambodian on your asses !
7	bender	( crying ) it 's hopeless . we might as well turn in my head for the five cent deposit .
7	fry	no way ! i 'm not letting my best friend get recycled . not for five cents , not for five hundred cents ! leela , i 've got a plan !
7	leela	i 've got a better plan .
7	fry	( whispering ) why would nixon stay at the watergate ?
7	leela	( whispering ) they give you a discount if you 've been here before .
7	fry	keep going , we 're right behind you .
7	bender	whoa , mama ! get a room , you two !
7	man	we 're in a room !
7	bender	well then lose some weight .
7	nixon	( sleep-talking ) aroo !
7	nixon	( sleep-talking ) oh , yeah . you women 's libbers really know how to party !
7	bender	( whispering ) psst ! there i am !
7	nixon	( sleep-talking ) hey , betty friedan . send a little of that lotion my way !
7	leela	ok , almost got it . steady . steady . do n't panic .
7	fry	ooh ! uh-oh !
7	nixon	what the ... ? you shaggy peaceniks have some nerve !
7	bender	i 'm just here for what 's mine . do n't make me kick your neck .
7	nixon	bring it on , soup can .
7	leela	alright , break it up , you two !
7	nixon	that 's it . you 're all going to jail . and do n't expect me to grant a pardon like that sissy , ford .
7	leela	you 'll never pardon anybody because you 'll never get elected president . the voters of earth are n't the pea-brained idiots they were back in your time .
7	nixon	oh , no ? well , listen here , missy . computers may be twice as fast as they were in 1973 but your average voter is as drunk and stupid as ever . the only one who 's changed is me . i 've become bitter and , let 's face it , crazy over the years . and once i 'm swept into office , i 'll sell our children 's organs to zoos for meat and i 'll go into people 's houses at night and wreck up the place .
7	fry	well , he lost my vote .
7	nixon	like one vote ever made a difference . now , if you 'll excuse me , i 'm going to inch myself over to the phone and call the police .
7	bender	not so fast , nixon ! are you familiar with audio tape ?
7	nixon	uh-oh . i do n't like where this is heading .
7	nixon	and i 'll go into people 's houses at night and wreck up the place !
7	nixon	my god ? i really sound like that ? i thought my voice had more of a clark gable quality .
7	leela	the jig 's up , nixon . we 'll trade you the tape for the body .
7	nixon	oh , expletive deleted . you 've got a deal .
7	fry	hey , i 've got one last thought .
7	bender	ah , it 's good to be back in one piece again . except i ca n't get these damn bumper stickers off .
7	linda	the sheer drama of this election has driven voter turnout to it 's highest level in centuries -- 6 %
7	morbo	exit polls show evil underdog richard nixon trailing with an estimated zero votes .
7	leela	yes ! the system works !
7	linda	the time is 7:59 and the robot polls are now opening ... and the robot vote is in . nixon has won !
7	leela	no !
7	fry	what ?
7	bender	get out of town !
7	fry	why would robots vote for nixon now that he 's just a head in a jar ?
7	campaign manager	i give you the next president of earth !
7	nixon	( shouting ) nixon 's back !
7	farnsworth	i ca n't believe it . he won by a single vote .
7	bender	well it ai n't my fault . i 'm a non-voting felon , thank you .
7	fry	well it 's not my fault either 'cause i forgot to vote .
7	leela	oh , crud . i knew there was something i meant to do today .
7	morbo	morbo congratulates out gargantuan cyborg president . may death come quickly to his enemies .
7	nixon	aroo ! who 's kicking who around now ? aroo ! aroooo !
7	nixon	knock knock !
8	leela	oh put down the binoculars fry . the wall of that strip club is n't going to collapse twice in one day .
8	fry	i know , and i 've grown to accept that . now i 'm more interested in that new pizza parlour across the street . kinda makes me pine for my days as a pizza delivery boy . " here 's you pizza , " i 'd say . " i did n't order any , " they 'd say . and then i 'd be off to my next adventure .
8	leela	that story stunk . hand me the binoculars . i think the owner is from cygnus 5 .
8	farnsworth	cygnoids ? on our block ? flying foo ! they should go back where they came from .
8	leela	professor please . society 's never gon na make any progress until we all learn to pretend to like each other . now lets go over there and make these hideous strangers feel welcome .
8	farnsworth	no .
8	cygnoid woman	you sure about these chairs ? guidebook says human legs bend down at knee .
8	cygnoid man	it 's ok mama , anyone complains , i bend legs up for free . ooo customers ! welcome to earth pizza store . here , sit , i bend knees for you .
8	bender	ooo that 's a-comfy !
8	cygnoid man	ok , now , what kind of pizza goes in you ? silt ? asbestos ? we got guano - very fresh !
8	fry	uh , hmm , do you have any food ?
8	cygnoid man	here , try a deep dish pizza . contains four kind of things .
8	leela	i do n't mean to offend but this tastes like vomit .
8	cygnoid woman	( happy ) thank you .
8	leela	no , actually i did mean to offend a little . this is awful .
8	fry	hey hey , what 's wrong ? was it something leela said ?
8	cygnoid woman	( crying ) we come to earth to start new life . raise fat spoiled earth kids , hang many underwear from earth clothesline , live earthican dream .
8	fry	aww , do n't cry foreign people . i used to work in a pizzeria and as soon as i stop hallucinating and blasting puke , i 'm gon na teach you to sell pizza - earth style !
8	cygnoid woman	oh thank you magic biped !
8	cygnoid man	you save us sir , if we can not make earth pizza our dream will die . just like rats we crushed to make the wine .
8	fry	for starters , only use quality ingredients . case in point : no more live bees . oregano works equally well . and when you put pizzas in the oven , do n't get in with them .
8	cygnoid #2	hey , ocupado !
8	fry	most important of all is the big screen tv . human families need a tv when they 're eating so they do n't have to talk to each other . ah , the earthican pasttime , blernsball !
8	uecker	mulligan drives the ball , it 's going , going and caught by the shortstop . man i have n't seen play this bad since the days of bob uecker ! this is bob uecker saying thanks for watching !
8	cygnoid man	mets ? shortstop ? pinching the hitter ? i do n't understand this blernsball .
8	fry	well if you 're going to be earthicans we 'll have to teach you . how about your pizzeria plays a game against planet express ? oh but you 'll need nine players .
8	cygnoid woman	no problem !
8	cygnoid #2	play the ball !
8	farnsworth	( shouting ) go team ! beat those no good cygnoids ! show them they stink at a game they 've never played before !
8	cygnoid man	ah , this is why i love earth ! beautiful star brightened day , friendly blernsball game with chum pals ! so pleasant for everybody .
8	scruffy	hit by a pitch , take your base .
8	leela	( shouting ) sorry about that , i guess i needed a few more warm-up pitches .
8	bender	no batter ! no batter ! no batter anymore .
8	scruffy	take your base .
8	leela	( shouting ) i did n't mean to hit you , i have some trouble with depth perception .
8	cygnoid #2	yeah , me too now .
8	bender	hey batter batter batter ! hey batter batter batter ! hey batter batter ! duck !
8	scruffy	take your base .
8	cygnoid #3	please lady , i want to live . can i use bat to protect head ?
8	bender	apparently not .
8	man	check out the one eyed bean machine !
8	cygnoid man	hooray ! i make a score point !
8	fry	leela , you beaned a run-in . you 'd better let me pitch .
8	leela	but i 've got a no-hitter going . you 're right . here .
8	randy	do n't take her out , she 's a firecracker !
8	commissioner	excuse me , i 'd like to talk to you .
8	leela	am i under arrest ?
8	bender	wait i know you . you 're the sleabag who owns the ultimate robot fighting league .
8	commissioner	not anymore . now i 'm the sleazebag who owns the new new york mets .
8	leela	the mets ? those bums are worse than me .
8	commissioner	close to it . but they do n't draw a crowd like you . which is why i wan na sign you to the team .
8	leela	you mean i 'd be the first woman ever to play major league blernsball ?
8	commissioner	well yeah but basically you 'd just be a publicity stunt . i figured a one-eyed lady skull buster might bring out the freakshow crowd .
8	leela	wow , the first woman ever to play major league blernsball .
8	commissioner	again yeah , but basically you 'd -
8	leela	yippee !
8	leela	ta-da ! the first woman ever to play major league blernsball . how do i look ?
8	hermes	like a sexy yogi berra !
8	farnsworth	why is your number seven-eight 's ?
8	leela	all the whole numbers have been retired .
8	fry	wow , i must say i 'm impressed . you look just like a ball player . can i pat you on the butt ?
8	leela	fry i 'm a professional athlete ! so go ahead .
8	fry	ohh , now i 'm too nervous .
8	uecker	well folks it 's only the fifth inning but the swedes have already turned this one into a laffer . and that 's with two f 's . the crowd is pouring out of the stadium la style .
8	commissioner	skipper , we 're losing the crowd . put it our new novelty act - leela .
8	skipper	darn it ! i already put in the circus clown .
8	commissioner	yeah but he bunted . clowns are only funny when they swing away .
8	woman	woo ! come on ! throw like a girl !
8	fry	( shouting ) go leela !
8	bender	( shouting ) come on girl !
8	amy	( shouting ) too much eyeliner !
8	uecker	( voice-over ) this is history in the making folks . bjornson steps up to the plate and leela delivers .
8	bender	bullseye !
8	uecker	( voice-over ) ooo ! an inauspicious start for the career of the first woman blernsballer . an inauspicious continuation for the career of the first woman blernsballer .
8	crowd	( chanting ) bean ! bean ! bean ! bean ! bean ! bean ! bean ! bean ...
8	uecker	ouch ! it 's a three bean-ball salad . the mets fans love it though and who can blame them ? they have n't had much to cheer about this year -
8	commissioner	kid that was great ! you got us more publicity than a cowboy in a shark tank . poor tex , he was quite a shark .
8	man #1	hey !
8	man #2	hey !
8	man #3	c'mon !
8	man #4	i win !
8	bender	oop ! sorry .
8	leela	bender , how did you get in here ?
8	leela	since when are you my agent ?
8	bender	quiet , call coming in . yeees ... ? a big endorsement deal for leela ? how much ... ? hey ! you put a one and two zeroes in front of that or we pass ... ! deal !
8	leela	bender that 's great ! how much did you get me ?
8	bender	( impressed ) one hundred dollars .
8	leela	( reading ) as a pitcher , i serve up plenty of bean-balls , so i know good beans when i see them . bean-bay beans - they 're the beaniest !
8	director	cut !
8	uecker	( voice-over ) in very short order leela has become a fan favourite .
8	bender	you 're the best babe ! hang on call comin ' in . what 's that ... ? hey you put a one and two zeroes in front of that or we pass ... ! deal !
8	leela	so what did you get me ?
8	bender	( impressed ) a thousand and one pesos !
8	leela	yo soy muy malo en lanzar , pero yo soy muy bueno en comer frijoles . come los bean bay frijoles , los frijoles de los reyes .
8	director	cut ! ok , now do one with bean suit on !
8	cygnoid man	leela really bringing in the customers .
8	cygnoid woman	this keep up we need to buy second sauce toilet .
8	girl	when i grow up i want to injure men by throwing stuff at them just like you leela ! will you sign my magazine ?
8	leela	aww , sure thing sweetie . who should i make it out to ?
8	girl	well , uh ... to ebay ?
8	leela	that 's a popular name today . little " e " big " b " ?
8	bender	five bucks an autograph , 200 fans . add a one and two zeros in front of that and we got ourselves a wad !
8	leela	i 'm not doing this for the wad . i 'm doing it for all the struggling female athletes who need a role model .
8	woman	yeah , a role model in how to stink !
8	leela	what ? who are you ?
8	woman	jackie anderson . i 'm on the blernsball team at nnyu and i was hoping to get to play in the majors soon .
8	leela	oh , following in my footsteps ?
8	jackie	pft , god forbid ! your little freakshow is making it impossible for real female ball players to be taken seriously . i hope you 're proud of yourself .
8	bender	alright shows over no refunds , you heard the robot get out !
8	leela	i 'm a fool . the fans have n't been cheering for me , they 've been cheering at me .
8	amy	do n't be upset leela . you , um ... you look really cute in your uniform .
8	leela	( crying ) that 's what makes it so sad . i thought i was doing something heroic .
8	bender	you are . what about that little girl you visited in the hospital ? you know the one i mean ? the one who died ?
8	leela	you 're right . i ca n't let people down anymore . as god as my witness , i vow to earn the respect of girls and women everywhere . i will become the best blernsball player of all time .
8	hermes	that 's statistically impossible . in 77 innings you have n't gotten a single out . at this rate , you 're sure to go down as the worst blernsball player of all time .
8	leela	oh . then i have a new vow . i solemnly swear that i will become not the worst blernsball player of all time .
8	fry	hey look ! the player 's who broke the various colour barriers !
8	bender	when will man learn that all races are equally inferior to robots ?
8	leela	ah , here we are - the worst player in history . if i can be just a little better than him i can slink away with my head held high .
8	bender	it says he once struck out when his tongue got stuck to an unusually cold bat .
8	fry	and here he is trying to make a catch with an oven mit .
8	leela	it 's even a crummy hologram .
8	aaron jr	i 'm not a hologram , though i am crummy . hank aaron xxiv .
8	fry	hank aaron xxiv ? how could you play so blowfully ? the original hank aaron was great !
8	aaron sr	no i was better than great . i was the home run king !
8	bender	neat !
8	leela	so hank - the bad hank , just how blowful were you ?
8	aaron jr	well , i have a low batting average .
8	aaron sr	low ? it was zero you fungo ! you went your whole career without getting a hit .
8	fry	leela could beat that . she 's pitched her whole career without getting an out .
8	aaron sr	you stink lady ! hey junior , she belongs in the exhibit instead of you .
8	aaron jr	forget it . this job 's too cushy to give up . aah wade boggs , goes down smooth !
8	leela	look , i do n't wan na be in this exhibit . that 's why i need your help - so i can be one tiny iota less pathetic than you .
8	aaron jr	oh i ca n't help you play better than tiny iota , that guy was great ! but i 'll teach you everything i know .
8	aaron jr	ok , let 's see what you can do .
8	bender	one thing she can do is lodge a ball in the depth centre of your brain . you better get a batting helmet .
8	leela	( quietly ) alright , low and away !
8	aaron jr	ok try it again but this time keep your eye off the ball .
8	leela	you mean " keep your eye on the ball " ?
8	aaron jr	hey lady , which one of us is in the hall of fame ?
8	fry	( whispering ) psst , you 're holding the bat upside down .
8	aaron jr	just pitch the ball .
8	leela	ok , eye off the ball .
8	bender	strike !
8	fry	hooray !
8	aaron jr	you did it leela !
8	leela	i did n't hit the batter ! for once i was pitching and not just belly-itching !
8	aaron jr	oh you got that too ? i think there 's a rash goin ' around .
8	uecker	welcome to fenway park , home of the boston poindexters where the mets close out a season that 'll rank among mankind 's most awful crimes .
8	fry	hey ! you opened a franchise !
8	cygnoid woman	yes . our biggest seller is leela 's bean pizza . six kinds of beans , plus several things that look like beans .
8	fishy joe	beans huh ? mmm , this is great ! how to you make the crust so fizzy ?
8	cygnoid man	ah-ah-ah ! ancient cygnoid secret !
8	cygnoid woman	my husband , some hotshot ! here 's his ancient cygnoid secret ! live hornets ! we smush them right into dough !
8	fishy joe	i do n't care if there 's horse manure in it !
8	cygnoid man	that 's a-good !
8	fishy joe	i wan na buy this franchise . how does $ 100,000 sounds ?
8	cygnoid man	forget it , we come to earth to make pizza not money !
8	cygnoid woman	no blek ! other way around !
8	cygnoid man	oh right , offer accepted !
8	uecker	well fans boston 's turning the last game into a real squeeeker ! and that 's with three " e 's " ! two men on and they 're down to their last out .
8	leela	come on skipper , it 's my last chance to prove i 'm not the worst player ever . please put me in .
8	skipper	no . we 're actually winning this game . you only go in as a joke when we 're eight runs behind . or when our other pitchers sneak out early to beat the traffic . ( shouting ) come on ! lets see some fundamentals out there ! and not clown fundamentals .
8	skipper	aw , darn , darn it ! now the bases are loaded . is n't there a man on this team who can get one more out ?
8	leela	i can .
8	skipper	i repeat : is n't there a man on this team on this -
8	leela	i 've been training with hank aaron .
8	skipper	you 've been training with the hank aaron ?
8	leela	i 've been training with a hank aaron .
8	skipper	alright then . get in there and pitch like you 've never pitched like you before !
8	crowd	( chanting ) bean ! bean ! bean ! bean ! bean !
8	farnsworth	( shouting ) go leela !
8	amy	( shouting ) come on leela !
8	bender	( shouting ) put it right down the pike !
8	fry	( shouting ) strike him out leela ! do it for the hundreds of women everywhere !
8	uecker	would you look at that ! college blernsball 's finest female hitter making her big league debut against pro-ball 's worst female anything ! i 've never seen anything this bizzare - and i 've seen mr belvendere naked ! woo !
8	leela	( quietly ) keep cool , she 's just like any other player . she puts on her sports bra one arm at a time .
8	umpire	strike one !
8	leela	strike one - a personal best !
8	umpire	strike two !
8	uecker	a grand slam blern . the mets lose , their season is over ! and no question , leela - the first woman ever to reach the majors will go down as the single worst player in the history of blernsball ... !
8	uecker	( voice-over ) ... and yet tonight we have witnessed the beginning of a great career for the first woman to play the sport well - jackie anderson !
8	jackie	leela ?
8	leela	jackie . i guess you were right , i 'm a lousy role model . i 'm sorry .
8	jackie	no , do n't be . it turns out you were an inspiration afterall .
8	leela	( crying ) i was ?
8	jackie	uh-huh . you were so awful that women everywhere set out to prove that they do n't stink as bad as you . you know , like a pig or something .
8	leela	oh , that 's so kind of you . i guess i made a difference afterall !
8	jackie	you absolutely did leela . now please , please retire ! immediately !
8	leela	hey kid ! catch !
8	aaron sr	well , at least you 're still the worst football player of all time .
8	aaron jr	yeah . yeah .
9	hermes	people , we got a problem : little nibbler 's been coughing up hairballs .
9	leela	well , so has fry . what 's the big deal ?
9	fry	he 's got me beat !
9	hermes	now well all love nibbler , so it 's only fair that we all pitch in and clean it up together . still , i propose we make zoidberg do it . all in favour ?
9	leela	yeah !
9	bender	alright , yup .
9	hermes	all opposed ? all abstaining ?
9	leela	dr. zoidberg ? are you ok ?
9	fry	he 's dead .
9	bender	what ?
9	amy	oh no !
9	farnsworth	he always seemed so full of life . laughing , singing , begging for scraps . and now this .
9	zoidberg	why with all the crying ? so that 's where i left my shell .
9	leela	i did n't know you could take this thing off .
9	zoidberg	it was starting to get a little cramped in there so i molted , why not ? ah , the fresh air feels good !
9	farnsworth	stop doing that !
9	zoidberg	so long . i 'm off to toss this old shell in the dumpster and maybe pick up those potato chips amy did n't finish yesterday .
9	amy	those were toenail clippings .
9	zoidberg	a feast is a feast .
9	amy	hey , that 's my cellphone !
9	amy	hello ? hello ? who is this ? hello ? hello ?
9	leela	what 's wrong ? did you swallow your phone again ?
9	amy	some guy 's been calling and hanging up 10 times a day for a year .
9	leela	men who call too much are the worst ... i bet .
9	amy	i just wish a decent guy would call me instead of this spleeze-ball who has me too terrified to even answer the phone . hello ?
9	amy	hello ? is anyone there ?
9	kif	i love you . why must i be such a coward ?
9	zapp	kif , i 'm headed to the men 's room and i 'll be needing an attendant so -- oh , i 'm sorry . you 're crying like a woman . it 's alright . i 've always thought myself as a father figure to some of my more pathetic men . kif , old friend , let 's rap .
9	kif	well , i 'm in love with this girl --
9	zapp	( laughing ) oh , that 's rich ! ( talking ) go on .
9	kif	i met her a year ago ...
9	kif	( voice-over ) ... when we were escaping from that cruise ship you piloted directly into a black hole .
9	zapp	( voice-over ; proud ) yes ! it was in all the papers .
9	amy	call me .
9	zapp	uh-huh , uh-huh . mm-hmm , uh-huh .
9	kif	i 've finished talking , sir .
9	zapp	belay that remark ! your amy knows my leela ? i have formed an idea !
9	zapp	i 'm calling to negotiate a double date . you and me , kif and amy .
9	leela	forget it .
9	zapp	then let the negotiations begin . i propose we go out on 10 dates .
9	leela	how about zero ?
9	zapp	nine .
9	leela	zero .
9	zapp	seven .
9	leela	zero .
9	zapp	eight ?
9	amy	( whispering ) please , leela ? kif 's like the sweetest guy who 's ever liked me .
9	zapp	five , and that 's my final offer ... four .
9	leela	one .
9	zapp	two .
9	leela	one half .
9	zapp	i 'll take it .
9	zapp	we 'll meet you tonight for part of dinner and the first half of a movie .
9	kif	um , sir ? i do n't go out on many dates and , um , what if i ca n't think of anything to say ?
9	zapp	here 's my personal book of pickup lines . say as many of them as you can as fast as you can . do n't stop for any reason .
9	kif	maybe i 'll just give her these flowers .
9	zapp	wrong , wrong , wrong ! and what 's that ? candy ? candy 's for dorks ! give me that . mmm !
9	zapp	hello , beautiful . i got these for you .
9	leela	thanks .
9	zapp	well , well . this looks to be one disturbingly erotic date .
9	leela	half-date .
9	zapp	waiter , bring us a bottle of wine .
9	leela	half-bottle .
9	zapp	and some oysters on the half-shell .
9	leela	quarter-shell .
9	kif	oh , and i 'd like --
9	zapp	kif 's not hungry . ( quietly ) kif , this place is expensive . ( talking ) i 'd like two steaks and the ladies will have some very sensual salads -- with low-cal sensual dressing .
9	morbo	( singing ) oh , wo n't you take me to funkytown ,
9	amy	kif , you 're so quiet . you have n't said a word all night .
9	kif	well , um , um ... hello .
9	amy	'cause i was really hoping we could talk and stuff .
9	kif	amy , ( reading ) if i said you had a beautiful body would you take your pants off and dance around a little ?
9	amy	what ?!
9	leela	lieutenant kroker !
9	kif	( reading ) i find the most erotic part of the woman is the boobies
9	amy	kif !
9	kif	oh , my !
9	leela	this half-date is entirely over . amy ? conference !
9	kif	is there nothing we can do , sir ?
9	zapp	there 's only one sure-fire way back into a woman 's heart and parts beyond . i speak of course , of kareoke .
9	kif	( determined ) my years in the doop boys ' chorus will not have been in vain !
9	leela	alright , enough lipstick . let 's storm out .
9	kif	( singing ) once upon a time i was falling in love ,
9	amy	oh , that 's so emotional !
9	kif	( singing ) ... there 's nothing i can do ,
9	zapp	amateur hour 's over . let me show you why they call me " the velour fog " ! hit it !
9	man	aw , give us a break !
9	woman	get off !
9	chef	he sickens me !
9	zapp	( spoken-word ) she walked up to me and she asked me to dance ,
9	leela	we 're going home . call us a space taxi .
9	zapp	no need . there 's not a restaurant built i ca n't fly . where to , ladies ?
9	kif	please , sir . let 's just divide up the check and --
9	zapp	let 's see what this eatery can do .
9	zapp	ah , she 's built like a steakhouse , but she handles like a bistro . she 's out of control !
9	zapp	( from inside ) you win again , gravity !
9	zoidberg	look what arrived : my new shell catalogue . so let 's try some on already ! ah ! muy macho ! hey , gringos ! here comes el zoido to ruin your drinking water !
9	bender	whoa , whoa , whoa ! i 'm mexican and i find that offensive .
9	zoidberg	you latins are so hot-blooded ! this one 's like a summer guy !
9	hermes	look , you fat fish . the planet express health plan only covers one kind of replacement shell .
9	fry	i ca n't believe leela and amy are n't back yet from their half-date . i 'm gon na call the restaurant .
9	operator	the number you have dialled has crashed into a planet . please make a note of it .
9	fry	we got ta go rescue them !
9	bender	eh , i do n't know .
9	fry	bender ! think of the seoritas !
9	bender	vmonos !
9	kif	so , amy , um , well --
9	amy	it 's always a line with you !
9	leela	what planet is this anyway ?
9	zapp	( mumbling ) i ' unno . ( talking ) this whole sector is uncharted .
9	kif	it is not uncharted , you lost the chart !
9	zapp	well , nothing to do now but repopulate the human race . just me and you ! ( whispering ) and maybe you .
9	amy	what is it ?
9	kug	me hear people . but me not see people .
9	thog	no big deal . everybody make mistake .
9	zapp	well , hello ! i usually do n't say this but you are the most beautiful trio of gigantic ladies i 've ever laid eyes on . ( reading ) i find the most erotic part of a woman is the boo --
9	fry	oh , no ! any sign of leela or amy ?
9	bender	no . but what do you make of this ?
9	fry	i do n't know . but it might have something to do with this .
9	bender	oh , your god !
9	kug	move ! go !
9	fry	alright , here 's the plan --
9	bender	what kind of moronic plan is that ? wow !
9	thog	women go free . men stay in chains .
9	ornik	we take them to our leader . she know what do .
9	fry	pfft . a female leader ?
9	leela	fry , shut up .
9	fry	yes , captain !
9	thog	this capital city planet amazonia .
9	leela	where are all the men in your society ?
9	ornik	men die out many year ago .
9	bender	with all these women around they were probably nagged to death . are you with me , fellas ?
9	thog	here stadium , where our women basketball teams play .
9	kug	we no can dunk , but good fundamentals .
9	ornik	that more fun to watch .
9	zapp	( laughing ) oh , god , you 're killing me ! ow ! god , you 're killing me !
9	thog	this our comedy club . humour here funny in different way .
9	ornik	it not reinforce stereotypes .
9	kug	comedy come from character , real situations . not abstract craziness .
9	bender	translation : boring ! ( laughing ) that 's a good one ! ow !
9	amy	this women-only planet is sounding better and better .
9	leela	i 'm already looking for apartments .
9	thog	here live vengeful , all-knowing leader . she decide men 's fate .
9	fry	is she hot ?
9	thog	that not important . she all-knowing .
9	fry	in other words , " no " . ow !
9	thog	( chanting ) all hail femputer .
9	kug and ornik	( chanting ) all hail femputer .
9	amy	you all obey a big computer ?
9	kug	yes . it appear mysteriously just about time men die out .
9	leela	so why did you make it your leader ?
9	ornik	it seemed like different kind of politician .
9	kug	not beltway insider .
9	thog	femputer , we bring offering of bath beads and scented soaps .
9	femputer	your gift pleases femputer . femputer demands to know why there are men on her planet .
9	fry	it was an accident , ma'am .
9	femputer	that does not fempute . femputer will return after deciding your punishment .
9	fry	leela , i 'm through making fun of women . now i want them to help me .
9	amy	should we do something ?
9	leela	there 's no hurry .
9	zapp	yes ! a little tighter . tighter . perhaps a hard spanking is in order ? too hard !
9	kug	men strange . you have them on your planet ?
9	leela	( ashamed ) i 'm afraid so .
9	kug	what they for ? oh , you mean " snu-snu " .
9	thog	we hear tell men used for snu-snu . but all we have go on are ancient legend and subscription to cosmo .
9	zapp	just fyi , i could be used for snu-snu .
9	thog	silence . you want die like last men visit amazonia ?
9	fry	what 'd they die of ?
9	kug	crushed pelvises .
9	fry	yes !
9	zapp	oh , thank you , lord in heaven !
9	femputer	after lengthy femputations , i , femputer , have decided the fate of the men . femputer sentences them to death . by snu-snu !
9	fry	( cheering ) yay !
9	zapp	( cheering ) yeah ! ( talking ) what are you , gay ?
9	femputer	death to the men . death by snu-snu .
9	fry	although the snu-snu part 's gon na be pretty good .
9	zapp	baby , it 'll blow your mind .
9	leela	femputer , be reasonable . sure men are annoying and they wreck up whatever planet they 're in charge of . but most of these men are sorta my friends . they do n't deserve to die .
9	femputer	hmm . perhaps men are not as evil as femputer thinks .
9	thog	but they make fun women 's basketball .
9	femputer	what ?! did you explain how the women 's good fundamentals make up for their inability to dunk ?
9	ornik	yes . they still laugh .
9	femputer	the men must die .
9	bender	too true , femputer . you 're so wise . kill 'em all , i say . good riddance ! did i mention i 'm not a man ? i 'm a manbot . it 's an understandable mistake . you can let me down now , thanks .
9	kug	he big jerk like man .
9	bender	i sure am . but check the crotch . nothing .
9	femputer	very well , release him . as for the others , take them to the snu-snu chambers .
9	bender	( crying ) i 'll miss you , meatbag .
9	leela	me too , meatbag .
9	fry	goodbye , friends . i never thought i would die like this . but i 'd always really hoped .
9	amazonians	( chanting ) snu-snu , snu-snu , snu-snu !
9	kif	amy . before i die , i have to tell you : i did n't mean to say those awful things on our date . they were all zapp 's idea .
9	amy	really ? honest and true ?
9	kif	yes . and-and that person calling and hanging up , was me . i was just too nervous to say hello because i love you .
9	amy	oh , kif !
9	thog	it thog 's first time . be gentle !
9	leela	we 've got to do something . bender , maybe you can interface with the femputer and reprogram it to let them go .
9	bender	maybe you can interface with my ass . by biting it ! alright , i 'll go !
9	fry	( from inside ) ooh ! yeah !
9	zapp	( from inside ) oh , baby !
9	guard #1	how tonk look ?
9	guard #2	tonk look good . me fat .
9	guard #1	no , you look good . tonk fat .
9	femputer	intruder ! stay away from the mighty femputer ! guards !
9	bender	time to override the cpu and reprogram this femputer .
9	femputer	hey , whoa , whoa ! stop it ! stop it ! hey , cut that out !
9	fembot	cease hitting femputer !
9	bender	you 're no femputer , you 're a fembot !
9	fembot	( ashamed ) it 's true . i disguised myself as a femputer so i could rule the amazonians .
9	bender	but why ?
9	fembot	why ? why ? i came here from a faraway planet . a planet ruled by a chauvinistic manputer that was really a manbot . have you any idea how it feels to be a fembot living in a manbot 's manputer 's world ?
9	bender	what ?
9	fembot	and now , my meddling manbot , there 's the question of what to do with you !
9	zapp	( gasping ) we need rest . the spirit is willing but the flesh is spongy and bruised .
9	ornik	it time snu-snu !
9	fry	ca n't we just cuddle ? ( screaming ) nooo !
9	leela	we ca n't wait for bender . it 's time for a woman 's touch . yah ! hi-yah ! yah , yah yah !
9	amy	( disguised , deeper voice ) me next snu-snu . out me way .
9	thog	where go beautiful man ? me want snu-snu !
9	amy	kif ! jump !
9	kif	my hero !
9	thog	( shouting ) me not get snu-snu ! get him !
9	thog	mighty femputer . small girl steal green kissy man . we kill her now ?
9	fembot	( from inside ) come back later . leave me alone .
9	bender	( from inside ) yeah , get lost ! ( spookily ) ooh ! i 'm a scary femputer . release the prisoners ! ( from inside ) and bring gold . lots of gold .
9	thog	gold ? why femputer want gold ?
9	fembot	( from inside ) you heard the man .
9	bender	( from inside ) c'mon ! gimmie some of that !
9	zoidberg	and that 's how i got my new shell . it looks just like the shell i threw out yesterday and i found it in the same dumpster , but this one had a live raccoon inside . pretty good story , eh , hermes ?
9	hermes	stick to someone else , you windy barnacle
9	leela	it 's funny how the battle of the sexes was only resolved when a manbot and a fembot realised they loved each other .
9	bender	yeah . by the way , if she calls , i 'm not here . all i know is this gold says that was the best mission ever !
9	amy	it sure was .
9	fry	oh , yeah !
9	zapp	i had snu-snu !
9	kif	so , um , amy , w-what do you wan na do now ?
10	farnsworth	good news , everyone ! i 've invented a device that allows you to operate equipment from great distances . i call it " the fing-longer " . observe . and , here we go . there !
10	fry	ooh !
10	amy	wow !
10	zoidberg	ah !
10	farnsworth	pretty long , eh ?
10	fry	yeah , it 's really long . but what did you just turn on with it ?
10	farnsworth	oh , that 's just the what-if machine i invented . you pose it a what-if question and it generates a video simulation of what would happen .
10	fry	does it really work ?
10	farnsworth	of course it works ! it 's just not very long .
10	bender	ooh ! ooh ! i wan na aks it a question ! as a robot living among humans , i 've never really felt accepted at parties or nude beaches . so i 've always secretly wondered : what if i was 500-feet tall ?
10	zoidberg	let 's watch , shall we ?
10	bender	my work here is done !
10	fry	i 'm so lonely since i came to the future . will you be my friend ? ow !
10	fry	who are you ?
10	bender	i 'm a big robot and i want a big cereal !
10	fry	you too ? will you be my friend ?
10	bender	put it there , pal ! i meant your wallet .
10	bender	oh , yeah ! that calms the shakes . hey ! ( laughing ) aw , quit it1 come on !
10	fry	( shouting ) stop ! the robot 's not your enemy ! he 's just a poor , misunderstood --
10	zapp	uh --
10	amy	well , there goes the neighbourhood . there goes another neighbourhood .
10	hermes	we 're jerked ! nothing can stop a monster that big .
10	farnsworth	nothing except and even equally big monster . this is chance to try out my experimental enlarging ray . but we 'll need a guinea pig .
10	zoidberg	what 's this ? two meals in one week ?
10	farnsworth	gotcha !
10	hermes	oh , yes !
10	zoidberg	friends ! help ! a guinea pig tricked me ! what ?
10	zoidberg	so , now zoidberg is big , huh ? that 's more like it ! who 's intimidating who now , big city ? hello , mr. chase manhattan bank . deny my credit card application , will you ? ah , the famed apollo theatre . boo me off stage on open-mike night , huh ? i 'll show you !
10	bender	hey ! i called this city . quit touching my stuff !
10	zoidberg	tell it to claw .
10	bender	bite my colossal metal ass !
10	zoidberg	stop !
10	bender	( shouting ) who wants lobster bisque ?
10	zoidberg	hmm ?
10	fry	hey , bender ?
10	bender	huh ?
10	fry	wan na make shrinky dinks ?
10	bender	who put this in here ?
10	bender	i 'll tell you ... with my final breath . i came here with a simple dream : a dream of killing all humans . and this is how it must end ? who 's the real 7-billion-ton robot monster here ? not i. not i.
10	fry	goodnight , sweet prince .
10	narrator	( voice-over ) interesting stuff . stay tuned for more tales of interest !
10	farnsworth	well , leela , care to give the what-if machine a whirl ?
10	leela	maybe later . i-i mean , i do n't know what to ask about .
10	hermes	come on , woman ! just pick something .
10	fry	yeah , be more impulsive . like this .
10	bender	go , man ! go !
10	leela	i can be really impulsive . it just takes me a while . alright , professor ! let 's do it . make that machine show me what would happen if i was a little more impulsive . just a little . not too much .
10	leela	hey , you guys . look what i bought on a wild impulse : new boots . they 're like my old ones but with a crazy green stripe . woo ! never know what i 'm gon na do next !
10	farnsworth	leela , could you come in here for a moment . i have something important to tell you .
10	farnsworth	i ca n't live forever and i need an heir . someone to spend my vast riches and take care of my man-eating anteaters when i 'm gone . the others simply are n't level-headed enough . they 're too impulsive . not like you . not like old , predictable , dull-as-dishwater leela .
10	leela	hello ? new boots !
10	farnsworth	that 's why i 've made you my sole heir . the day i die , you 'll be a very wealthy woman . oh , my , yes . incredibly wealthy . the day i die . because you 're so unimpulsive .
10	leela	yah !
10	leela	oh , god ! what have i done ?
10	leela	ok , just try to be nonchalant .
10	zoidberg	alright , so you 're nonchalant . quit rubbing our noses in it .
10	hermes	sweet giant anteater of saint anita ! the professor 's been eaten by giant anteaters !
10	zoidberg	what ?
10	hermes	if y' ask me , it 's mighty suspicious ! i 'm gon na call the police ... right after i flush some things .
10	zoidberg	police ? bah ! nosy meddlers ! it so happens i have mail order degrees in murderology and murderonomy . zoidberg is afoot !
10	hermes	perhaps the professor 's files can clear things up . ( reading ) " citation for public nudity " , " conspiracy to commit public nudity " . ( talking ) aha ! a new will ! naming ... ... you as his sole heir .
10	leela	that does n't prove i killed him .
10	hermes	it 's a video will . it shows you killing him .
10	leela	( from meeting room ) hi-yah !
10	zoidberg	alright , anteater number one , who are you protecting ? is it anteater number two ? do n't stick your tongue out at me . i need a name ! what ? how do you spell that ?
10	hermes	( shouting ; from meeting room ) what are you hacking off ? is it my torso ? it is ! my precious torso !
10	bender	whatya got ? disposal trouble ?
10	leela	no ! everything 's just --
10	bender	sure is shocking about the professor , huh ? . and now hermes is mysteriously missing . anyhow , it does n't affect me , bender . hey , what 's this ? hermes ' dreadlocks ? and his arm ? leela , i 'm shocked . food goes in the disposal , hair and flesh go in the trash !
10	leela	i 'm sorry , i could n't stop -- w-wait . do n't you care that i murdered hermes ?
10	bender	not even a little . there 's nothing wrong with murder , just so long as you let bender wet his beak .
10	leela	you 're blackmailing me ?
10	bender	" blackmail " is such an ugly word . i prefer " extortion " . the " x " makes it sound cool . please , honey , i 'm made of metal . like you 're really gon na hurt me with a -- hey ! what are you doing with that microwave ?
10	leela	ok , that 's it . no more killing ! next time you feel like killing just have a stick of gum . now to dispose of the body .
10	amy	wow ! sporty go-cart , leela ! so hip and sexy . not like you at all .
10	leela	do you have any gum ?
10	amy	no .
10	zoidberg	ah , the gang 's all here .
10	leela	who are you ?
10	scruffy	scruffy , the janitor .
10	leela	i 've never seen you before .
10	scruffy	i 've never seen you before neither .
10	zoidberg	quiet , please . i 've called you all here to the parlour to watch as i gradually solve the crime . one of the people in this room ... is a big murderer ! you see , the killer left one fatal clue : this boot print on the professor 's lab coat .
10	leela	uh , could n't be me . i never wear boots . see ?
10	fry	ew ! what smells like boot feet ?
10	cubert	this is preposterous . obviously the murderer is --
10	zoidberg	my next clue came at 4.15 , when the clock stopped . and another came two hours later at 4.15 , when i discovered the murdered body of amy 's dead , deceased corpse .
10	scruffy	scruffy knows who killed them people . in scruffy 's opinion , it were --
10	zoidberg	so , it 's just as i suspected all along . the crime is unsolvable ! a letter from bender , my good friend . ( reading ) dear dr. jerkberg , if you 're reading this , i 'm already dead . the person who killed me was ... was -- my god ! it ca n't be ! the murderer , it was --
10	fry	i 'm bored . you 're boring , zoidberg . i 'm gon na go watch tv .
10	leela	could you get the lights on your way out ?
10	fry	whatcha eating ?
10	leela	lobster . want some ?
10	fry	sure . y' know , i think i finally figured out what 's behind all these mysterious deaths .
10	leela	really ?
10	fry	was planet express built on an indian graveyard ?
10	leela	no .
10	fry	no ?
10	leela	no !
10	fry	then ... then ... it was you !
10	leela	( crying ) i do n't know what came over me . i killed one person on impulse . then i had to kill another . and another .
10	fry	well , that covers the first three killings .
10	leela	and now , to make sure you wo n't talk , i 'm gon na have to do something really impulsive !
10	leela	so , fry , what do you think of the impulsive new me ?
10	fry	i like it !
10	leela	good . now let me just get the lights .
10	fry	i really like it !
10	farnsworth	who else has a question for the what-if machine ? scruffy ? fry ?
10	fry	um , i have a question . what if bender was really giant ?
10	leela	you idiot ! we already saw that .
10	fry	i know . i liked it . i wan na see it again .
10	farnsworth	we 're not seeing it again ! ask something less stupid .
10	fry	oh , alright . how ' bout this ? what if i never fell into that freezer-doodle and came to the future-jiggy ?
10	farnsworth	that question is less stupid , though you asked it in a profoundly stupid way . what would happen if fry never came to the future ?
10	fry	hello ? pizza delivery for ... icy wiener ?! aw , crud ! here 's to another lousy millennium ! ow ! i should have left you floating in the toilet !
10	leela	what is it ?
10	farnsworth	it appears that the very fabric of space-time has ripped .
10	bender	hey , look ! an ugly scared guy ! boo !
10	fry	who are you monsters ? is one of you icy wiener ?
10	zoidberg	if that 's his pizza , then i 'm icy whatever !
10	fry	you believe me about the monsters , right , mr. panucci ?
10	panucci	there 's only three real monsters , kid : dracula , blacula and son of kong . now quit picking your nose and knead that dough ! hey ! the usual , professor hawking ?
10	hawking	no . today i 'd like something good .
10	panucci	hawking , you 're alright ! i 'll make you the usual !
10	fry	hey ! stephen hawking ! are n't you that physicist that invented gravity ?
10	hawking	sure . why not ?
10	fry	let me ask you something : has anyone ever discovered a hole in nothing with monsters in it ? 'cause if i 'm the first , i want them to call it " a fry hole " .
10	hawking	there is nothing to be concerned about . i must go . there is much to do .
10	panucci	hey , hawking ! your pizza 's ready .
10	hawking	toss it in the garbage !
10	hawking	( from alley ) there he is . seize him .
10	fry	( from alley ) who said that ? hey ! what the -- ? ooh ! ow ! ow !
10	fry	who are you people ?
10	gore	i 'm al gore . and these are my vice presidential action rangers ; a group of top nerds whose sole duty it is to prevent disruptions in the space-time continuum .
10	fry	i thought your duty was to cast the tie-breaking vote in the senate .
10	gore	that , and protect the space-time continuum . read the constitution !
10	fry	hmm . so i guess you 'll wan na see my fry hole .
10	gore	very much so . but first , meet the action rangers . you already know stephen hawking . also with us are nichelle nichols , a.k.a. commander uhura .
10	nichols	incoming transmission from mci one rate department . it sounds like a limited-time offer .
10	gore	tell them i 'm in the tub ! to my left you 'll recognise gary gygax , inventor of dungeons &amp; dragons .
10	gygax	greetings ! it 's a ... ... pleasure to meet you !
10	gore	and our summer intern , deep blue . the world 's foremost chess-playing computer .
10	deep blue	bishop to knight 4 .
10	gore	not all missions can be solved with chess , deep blue . someday you 'll understand that .
10	fry	where am i , anyway ?
10	nichols	you 're travelling in a specially-equipped terrestrial transport module .
10	gygax	a school bus !
10	fry	so what do you nerds want ?
10	nichols	it 's about that rip in space-time that you saw .
10	hawking	i call it a " hawking hole " .
10	fry	no fair ! i saw it first !
10	hawking	who is the journal of quantum physics going to believe ?
10	gygax	mr. fry , the time disruption indicates that some of that was supposed to happen but did n't , due to a quantum fluctuation .
10	nichols	that 's why we had to beat you with tennis rackets .
10	gore	if we do n't go back there and make the event happen , the entire universe will be destroyed ! and as an environmentalist , i 'm against that .
10	fry	so then my chair tilted back and i almost fell into this freezer thingy .
10	hawking	i call it a " hawking chamber " .
10	fry	but instead of falling in and getting frozen , i missed and wanged my head .
10	gore	well it 's obvious what should have happened : that wang to the head should have killed you .
10	fry	uh , what ?
10	nichols	let 's finish the job .
10	gore	no ! wait ! there must be a peaceful --
10	hawking	hold him down .
10	deep blue	check .
10	fry	ow ! ow ! ow ! ow !
10	nichols	something 's wrong . murder is n't working and that 's all we 're good at .
10	gygax	let 's try something else . maybe we should --
10	gore	put the dice away before i take them away .
10	nichols	wait . i 'm getting an idea . what if fry was supposed to get frozen ?
10	hawking	yes . shove him in the tube . it was my idea .
10	bender	hey , there he is again . and he brought nerds ! take this !
10	gore	get in the tube , dummy ! we only have a few seconds before the universe is destroyed .
10	fry	alright . but i need a weapon to fight off drunken robots when i wake up .
10	gygax	here . take my plus-one mace .
10	fry	ok , here i go .
10	gore	you fool ! you foolish fool !
10	fry	eh ? what 's the worst thing that can happen ?
10	hawking	great . the entire universe was destroyed .
10	fry	destroyed ? then where are we now ?
10	gore	i do n't know . but i can darn well tell you where we 're not : the universe .
10	nichols	eternity with nerds . it 's the pasadena star trek convention all over again .
10	gygax	anyone wan na play dungeons &amp; dragons for the next quadrillion years ?
10	fry	sure .
10	hawking	i guess .
10	deep blue	pawn to rook 8 .
10	gore	i 'm a 10th-level vice president !
10	farnsworth	that story was preposterous . stephen hawking in a pizzeria ! this thing is n't worth the gold it 's made of . anyway , the fing-longer seems to be arousing success .
10	fry	good work .
10	leela	congratulations !
10	amy	right on , professor !
10	farnsworth	so that 's what things would be like if i 'd invented the fing-longer . a man can dream though . a man can dream .
11	farnsworth	there . i 've finished fine tuning my what if ? machine . it can answer any what if ? question , accurate to within 1/10th of a plausibility unit .
11	leela	that 's so plausible i ca n't believe it !
11	farnsworth	who wants the machine to show them an alternate reality ?
11	bender	i wan na know what would happen if i were human . i mean , being a robot 's great but we do n't have emotions and sometimes that makes me very sad .
11	farnsworth	oh lordy loo ! there he goes again . well , let 's give baby what he wants . what if bender were human ?
11	farnsworth	good news everyone . i 've discovered a way to make bender human using a process i call " reverse fossilisation . "
11	leela	how does it work ?
11	farnsworth	well , in regular fossilisation , flesh and bone turn to minerals . realising that , it was a simple matter to reverse the process . i 've already tested it by turning the toaster into a racoon .
11	fry	kinda gamey .
11	farnsworth	are you ready bender ?
11	bender	i dunno . i 'm beginning to have second thoughts -
11	hermes	cover your shame mon !
11	farnsworth	it worked ! eat it everyone who never won a nobel prize ! and that includes you amy !
11	bender	so this is the human body huh ? neat ! hey , my antenna 's gone . nah it just moved . i 'm not getting good reception on it though . maybe if i wiggle it around a little .
11	fry	bender no ! you 'll make god cry .
11	bender	well lets see what kind of things thing body can do . hey that 's pretty fun . being human is great !
11	zoidberg	hooray , its just like mardis gras !
11	bender	guy guys , you 've got ta see this . you 're not gon na believe it !
11	leela	bender it 's ok to be pround but don ; t be a show off .
11	bender	whoa , you look a lot better than you used to for some reason .
11	amy	you 're not so bad yourself big boy .
11	bender	hey that felt great ! nah its not working anymore .
11	farnsworth	speak for yourself !
11	bender	whoa , this is awesome !
11	leela	bender you drank and smoked when you were a robot .
11	bender	but now its bad for me ! woo !
11	fry	speaking of which , try these nachos .
11	bender	mmm , why did n't anyone tell me tasting things tasted so good ? what 's going on ? that rhythm . its doing something to my human butt .
11	amy	bender , part of being human is having self control .
11	bender	oh my god i bet i can eat nachos and go to the bathroom at the same time !
11	amy	no bender .
11	hermes	no !
11	leela	stop him .
11	bender	let me go .
11	leela	no .
11	farnsworth	come bender , its time to go home and rest . i need you in top shape next week when i present you to the nobel prize committee . bender ?
11	bender	goodbye moderation !
11	zoidberg	is bender still missing for a week ? where is he already ?
11	farnsworth	uh as i 've said before , i used reverse fossilisation , which is the reverse of regular , uh ...
11	fry	psst , we found him !
11	farnsworth	ah , them without further stalling for time , i present to the nobel judges , the first robot ever turned into a human .
11	wernstrum	my god , he needs medical attention !
11	zoidberg	pulse ... 300 , liver ... failing , cholesterol ... 40 ?
11	leela	well that 's not so bad .
11	zoidberg	no i mean 40 pounds !
11	farnsworth	this , uh , scientific breakthrough , uh , heralds a new dawn in human-robot relations yes .
11	bender	c'mere and give old bender a kiss . hey , you like grilled cheese ?
11	farnsworth	and , uh thats why i believe i deserve the nobel prize .
11	wernstrum	not only do you not deserve a nobel prize for loosing this bloated man-ball on the world but you are hereby kicked out of the academy of science .
11	bender	wait . as men of science are not your minds open to new ideas ? i say , do not judge me until you have tried my way of life for yourselves .
11	wernstrum	young man , you have opened our minds and swayed our hearts . let us therefore
11	bender	party !
11	farnsworth	weee !
11	wernstrum	bender , you were right ! truly you have lived more in your one week of being human than the rest of us have in our entire lives .
11	bender	woo !
11	wernstrum	and so to recognise your achievements i hereby award you the nobel prize ...... in uh ...... chemistry !
11	farnsworth	care to say a few words bender ?
11	fry	he 's dead .
11	wernstrum	when did he die ?
11	farnsworth	about 12 hours ago when the party started .
11	wernstrum	but he just said " woo . "
11	farnsworth	no . that was air escaping from the folds of his fat . goodnight sweet prince . you were the greatest man any of us will ever know . well lets get him out of here . he 's starting to smell up the joint .
11	narrator	you watched it , you ca n't unwatch it . stay tuned for more tales of interest !
11	farnsworth	who else has a question for the what if ? machine ? scruffy ? katrina ? xanfor ?
11	fry	ooo i have one . i 'm good at video games and bad at everything else . that 's why i wish life were more like a video game .
11	farnsworth	can you put that in the form of a question ?
11	fry	uh , what if that thing i said ?
11	farnsworth	oh great machine we beseech thee . what if life were more like a video game ?
11	nixon	good evening ignorant pigs . put down your crack pipes and you beer bongs and pay attention as i sign a historic peace accord with ambassador kong of planet nintendu 64 .
11	fry	wait a second , i know that monkey . his name is donkey .
11	farnsworth	monkies are n't donkies ! quit messing with my head !
11	nixon	i 'll just put the old john q. nixon on it . there . no major crap ups . you 're on mr ambassador ! what the ?
11	mario	mama mia ! the cruel meatball of war has rolled onto our laps and ruined our white pants of peace !
11	man	mr fry rumour has it you know the secrets of the video game chance . please step into the war room .
11	man	you 'll be meeting with general colin pac-man .
11	pac-man	wakka wakka wakka wakka . lets get down to business . what can you tell us about the nintendians ?
11	fry	well sir , i spent all of ninth grade studying them . except for that day when my eyeballs started to bleed . and in my opinion .
11	pac-man	quickly , to the escape tunnels !
11	pac-man	this way damn it !
11	zoidberg	mmm , delicious ! just like stale marshmellows ! ooo and a cherry !
11	fry	hey watch out !
11	zoidberg	uh oh !
11	leela	oh my god , he ate fry ! fry is dead !
11	fry	its ok , i had another guy !
11	pac-man	wakka ... wakka wa ...
11	leela	invaders ! possibly from space !
11	lrrr	people of earth , i am lrrr of the planet nintendu 64 . tremble in fear at our three different kinds of ships !
11	fry	alright , its saturday night . i have no date , a two litre bottle of shasta , and my all rush mix tape ! let 's rock !
11	nd-nd	we 're losing ships sir . what are your orders ?
11	lrrr	increase speed , drop down and reverse direction !
11	fry	i 've still got a trick or two up my sleeve . watch as i fire up through our own shields .
11	bender	he 's a madman ! a madman !!
11	pac-man	it 's working . victory is ensured ! my retirement tomorrow will be all the sweeter ! i 'm hit ! so cold !
11	ms pac-man	no - wakka wakka !
11	fry	amy , tend to the widow pac-man .
11	lrrr	drop down and increase speed .
11	zoidberg	one ship is left only .
11	leela	come on fry get it !
11	fry	it 's moving too fast . oh i could never get the last one . my brother always got it for me !
11	lrrr	drop down , reverse direction , prepare for landing .
11	lrrr	you are defeated . instead of shooting where i was you should have shot where i was going to be .
11	beserk	all your base are belong to us .
11	fry	what do you monsters want ?
11	donkey kong	one thing and one thing only . quarters ! a million allowances worth of quarters ! no slugs or tokens !
11	beserk	fork 'em over ! ( different tone ) fork 'em over !
11	farnsworth	forget it you pixelated pirates . we need those quarters to do our laundry .
11	amy	yeah !
11	bender	right on !
11	leela	sure thing professor !
11	lrrr	but , but space invaders need to do laundry too ! i mean look at donkey kong here . have you smelled his loincloth lately ?
11	zoidberg	yes .
11	amy	go away . we 're not giving you our quarters no matter what .
11	lrrr	well ... then what if we throw our laundry in with yours ? would that be acceptable ?
11	fry	i guess so .
11	lrrr	ok then , that settles that . but if this cape shrinks , consider your species extinct !
11	narrator	bravo ! that 'll be hard to top ! i pity the next tale of interest !
11	farnsworth	well , there 's time for one last question . let 's turn to the who ask machine to see who 's next .
11	who ask machine	um uh um ... amy . i mean leela .
11	leela	ok , ahem . as an alien who was abandoned on earth , i 've never really belonged anywhere .
11	bender	boo hoo .
11	fry	ow !
11	bender	uh ... where ?
11	leela	so my question is this : what if i found my true home ? ow !
11	leela	where are we ?
11	leela	nibbler , i do n't think we 're in new new york anymore . jeez , apparently the phrase tone it down does n't exist on this planet . oh no ! we hit someone ! quick , back into the ships . ooo , nice boots !
11	cubert	look everyone ! she killed the man-witch of the west !
11	leela	a witch ? that explains how these boots magically appeared on my feet .
11	glurmo	no , you stole them , we saw you .
11	leela	well ... its hard to find shoes that fit me . so anyway , who are you people ? have n't i seen you in some copyrighted movie ?
11	glurmo	we resemble but are legally distinct from the lollipop guild , the lollipop
11	amy	greetings leela , i 'm the cute with of the north !
11	leela	yeah , can anyone fix my ship so i can get home ?
11	amy	abracaduh ! just ask the professor ! he lives in the emerald laboratory down martin luther king boulevard .
11	leela	you mean that yellow brick road ?
11	amy	the city council renamed it in 1975 . ( sarcastic ) ooo those are great shoes !
11	leela	oh thank you .
11	amy	do they come in women 's sizes ?
11	fry	ok crow , prepare to be scared . and then - honk honk - the car honked it 's own horn !
11	leela	wow , a talking scarecrow . wan na come with us to see the professor ? he might be able to give you a brain .
11	fry	hey , that 's not a nice thing to say .
11	bender	beer . beer .
11	leela	whiskey ok ?
11	bender	now did you say you were off to see the professor ? 'cause i could use a heart . a human heart . i need to pump a lot of blood out of my basement .
11	zoidberg	and i 'm the other guy . courage . not enough of it . need some from whatshisname .
11	mom	damn this dsl ! fly my stupids ! fly out and get them !
11	igner	but mom , you promised you 'd make monkey cake today .
11	mom	by " monkey cake " i meant your ass .
11	fry	man , we 've been skipping for hours . i need to pull over and take the wiz .
11	zoidberg	what do i smell or something ? oh !
11	leela	why did you bring us here ?
11	zoidberg	and why did i have to take a cab ?
11	mom	i 'll tell you why i brought you here you twice baked barf bag . because i 've always wanted a daughter to love . you want to get adopted you little skank ?
11	leela	and live here ? and be a witch like you ? yeah , alright . as long as i get to hurt people and not just dance around at the equinox .
11	mom	absolutely .
11	leela	oh mommy , i found my true home !
11	bender	hooray !
11	zoidberg	all right !
11	fry	that 's great leela .
11	bender	i 've heard worse excuses to drink . oops .
11	mom	i 'm melting ! who would have thought a small amount of liquid would ever fall on me ?
11	bender	well , no point in letting her go to waste .
11	hermes	yes ?
11	leela	we 're here to see the professor .
11	hermes	no one sees the mighty professor .
11	leela	oh for the love of benji .
11	farnsworth	i am the professor . great and ... uh ... forgetful ! now what do you nice kids want ?
11	zoidberg	nothing , i 'm leaving . but if you have extra courage i 'd haul it away for you maybe ?
11	farnsworth	oh blithery poop my cowardly lobster ! you do n't need courage . afterall , who needs courage when you have a gun ?
11	zoidberg	now world , you put your hands up !
11	farnsworth	and you lad , all you need is brain .
11	fry	why does everyone keep saying that ?
11	bender	this is a stick up . give me the bag old man !
11	farnsworth	here you go my friend . 5000 professor land fun bucks !
11	bender	oh crap .
11	farnsworth	as for you young lady , you want to go home right ?
11	leela	no not anymore . i wan na stay here and become the new wicked witch .
11	farnsworth	nonsense . now click your big honking boots together three times and wish to go home to kansas , to live in poerty with your dirt farming , teetotalling aunt and uncle .
11	leela	uh , alright . here i go . there 's no place like - i wan na be a witch ! oh no , help , what 's happening ?
11	zoidberg	uh sorry , i think there 's a problem with your upstairs toilet .
11	bender	wake up !
11	fry	leela , are you alright ? you got wanged on the head .
11	leela	i was having the most wonderful dream . except you were there and you were there and you were there .
11	fry	never mind professor , she came to .
11	farnsworth	oh , so close .
11	hermes	there 's always next year professor , there 's always next year .
12	linda	up next , daring daylight robbery at a municipal swimming pool .
12	bender	ooo ! this is it ! turn me up !
12	linda	earlier today a foul mouthed bandit robbed the municipal pool , making off with the contents of over three lockers .
12	bender	more like three lockers and a sink !
12	leela	bender ? did you have something to do with this ?
12	hermes	holy spitz ! he 's sportin ' skintight speedos !
12	amy	they do n't leave much to the imagination .
12	hermes	actually on a robot they sorta do .
12	morbo	one puny human got a look at the robber ...
12	bender	here we go here we go !
12	morbo	... describing him as a short , nasty , muscular ...
12	bender	yeah make me famous big head !
12	morbo	... caucasian human male .
12	bender	what ?
12	fry	hey ! now what am i supposed to watch and drink all day ?
12	bender	this is an outrage . what 's the point of pulling the biggest pool caper ever , if nobody knows you did it ?
12	fry	well there 's the material rewards .
12	bender	you mean this junk ?
12	boy	wheeee !
12	bender	( crying ) all i ever wanted was for people to remember my name ... ( hoarse ) it 's bender .
12	farnsworth	oh fuff ! what 's the point in remembering something ? you 're just going to forget it five seconds later .
12	bender	( crying ) it 's so unfair . a debonair robot with a zesty in-your-face outlook doomed to obscurity like the rest of you especially leela ! if i died tomorrow , no one would even notice .
12	scruffy	boy , i 've never seen him so down - or ever before .
12	bender	how does a nobody like me get famous ? i know ! hey look ! i 'm stuck ! but i have n't given up hope ! call a soft news journalist !
12	woman	you 're not stuck .
12	bender	( sadly ) shut up .
12	bender	hey everyone do the bender ! this move 's called the bender !
12	roller-skater	yo hotwheels , this circle 's about free expression , not fascist moves !
12	bender	a blank wall ! fame is mine !
12	bender	there , now no one will forget how i lived or my attitude regarding butt .
12	sal	alrights ladies let 's flush these artists lofts straights to hell !
12	bender	( screaming ) nooo !
12	bender	i 'm the first one to work . a new low .
12	all	surprise !
12	fry	happy funeral bender !
12	bender	a surprise funeral ? for me ?
12	fry	we just wanted to show you that you really will be remembered .
12	bender	ooo ! cushiony ! and a minibar !
12	fry	dearly beloved , we are here today to remember bender , taken from us in the prime of life , when he was crushed by a runaway semi , driven by the incredible hulk .
12	bender	aww , you knew my favourite cause of death !
12	fry	now let us each remember the best things about bender in our own way . professor ?
12	farnsworth	your standard bending unit is made of an iron-osmium alloy . but bender was different . bender has a point-04 % nickel impurity .
12	bender	( crying ) it 's what made me me .
12	hermes	if you ever needed a small package brought inot the country without a lot of x-raying and such , bender always had a free body cavity .
12	bender	eh , the professor 's was better .
12	leela	bender shush . you 're supposed to be dead .
12	bender	say more about how great i am . and where 's the crying ? you people look like you 're waiting for the bus .
12	zoidberg	( singing ) oh danny-boy ! the pipes , the pipes are calling ... !
12	bender	who-y-boy ?
12	zoidberg	( singing ) ... from glen to glen and down
12	bender	danny-boy ? you 're at my funeral , singing about some dead stiff named danny-boy ? you really are a massive bonehead .
12	zoidberg	i 'm expressing my sorrow .
12	bender	get lost . i 'd say " do n't quit your day job ! " but you 're awful at that too .
12	leela	we 're trying our best .
12	bender	your best is an idiot . let 's pick it up people . so far it 's been crap after crap ! i croaked now show me some love !
12	amy	bender was a truly special -
12	bender	louder and sadder .
12	amy	( shouting ) bender was a truly special
12	bender	next !
12	preacherbot	dear lord -
12	bender	oh next !
12	zoidberg	( singing ) oh danny-boy !
12	bender	come on , surely there must be someone here who knows how great i was .
12	fry	yes there is bender . bender was a lot of things to a lot of people , but looking back , the number one thing i can say about him is this , and simply this : bender was my friend .
12	bender	what ? that 's it ? who are you ? you 're nobody ! this is the worst funeral ever ! i hope you 're all happy . you 've succeeded in convincing me life is worth living - by showing how bad my funeral will suck .
12	amy	i know who 's funeral we 'll be attending next !
12	farnsworth	( bashful ) oh stop !
12	farnsworth	news everyone ! today you 're going to osiris 4 to deliver this enourmous sandstone block .
12	fry	i thought something looked different in here .
12	fry	hi , we have a giant stone to deliver - sign here .
12	osiran	ah , very nice . much like the 10 million other identical stones used in the future tomb of our great pharaoh hermenthotip .
12	leela	impressive , who 's building it ?
12	osiran	you .
12	leela	say again ?
12	osiran	you are now slaves of the great pharaoh hermenthotip . guards .
12	fry	call it a hunch but , i 've got a bad feeling about this .
12	fry	you know the worst thing about being a slave ? they make you work but they do n't pay you or let you go .
12	leela	that 's the only thing about being a slave !
12	osiran	attention . you are now possessions of the great pharaoh hermethotip , heir to the 10th dynasty , bringer of the good aspects of the annual floods .
12	fry	incredible . this place is just like the ancient egypt of my day .
12	osiran	that is no coincidence . for our people visited your egypt thousands of years ago .
12	fry	i knew it ! insane theories : one ! regular theories : a billion !
12	osiran	we learned many things from the mighty egyptians , such as pyramid building , space travel and how to prepare our dead so as to scare abbott and costello .
12	fry	also wolfman !
12	bender	look at these swanky tombs ! these people really know how to die !
12	leela	are you crazy ? they worked thousands of people to death to make these stupid monuments .
12	bender	hey , you spend you 're whole life building a guy 's toe and you 're gon na remember him ! i think i 'm gon na like it here !
12	man #1	yeah , i uh , noticed your sign and i thought i 'd come over here and look into getting involved in your program .
12	man #2	what we do is make you starve to death .
12	osiran	one two three - pull ! one two three - pull !
12	australian guy	aw , bloody chunder !
12	bender	pick it up people , we 're enslaved here to do a job . master ? do we have to count to three every time ? could n't we just count to one . or better yet one half ?
12	osiran	good idea slave . one half - pull ! one half - pull !
12	bender	now we 're slavin ' !
12	bender	come on guy 's , pharaoh 's countin ' on us . work faster , like this . you call that motivating me ? do n't just whip with your arms . the power comes from your hips . like this .
12	leela	bender , quit giving the slave drivers pointers !
12	fry	yeah , remember who your real friends are .
12	bender	i 'll tell you who i remember . enupsis ! pleeltut ! whatsisname ! he was the greatest of all .
12	osiran	pharaoh hermenthotip approaches .
12	bender	hurry ! hurry ! pharaoh 's coming ! get that nose in place , come on !
12	hermenthotip	excellent work ! i am very proud of all you slaves .
12	bender	woohoo ! viva hermenthotip !
12	hermenthotip	and now , i have a grand announcement . in honour of your achievement , you 're all hereby -
12	bender	( screaming ) nooo !
12	hermenthotip	( hoarse ) tell the slaves they can all go .
12	bender	go faster ? i told them but they 're so damn lazy .
12	hermenthotip	( hoarse ) no . i mean they are all free .
12	bender	freeloading off you ? i agree .
12	hermenthotip	( hoarse ) no , i -
12	osiran	pharaoh hermenthotip is dead .
12	bender	( crying ) he 's whippin ' angels now .
12	high priest	we commend the body of hermenthotip to the abode of the damned . the damned good looking ! pharaoh commanded me to tell that joke at his funeral .
12	bender	( crying ) i 'll always remember you hermenthotip !
12	high priest	to equip pharaoh for his journey we bury him with his favourite possessions . such as his heart and liver . and the many goods he left in his royal garage . also , this bag of cat 's our culture considers holy .
12	singer	( singing ) pharaoh my god-king you are , cold and deceased . i used to have him sing...p-p-p-pharaoh and his pets ... but the years went by and pharaoh died , suzie will have joined him in the afterlife
12	osiran	hermenthotip is gone , the time to designate a new pharaoh is at hand .
12	bender	wow !
12	osiran	at dawn tomrrow the high priest will consult the wall of prophecy to determine hermenthotip 's successor .
12	bender	woo !
12	osiran	that concludes the funeral . you do n't have to go home but you ca n't stay here .
12	fry	can you believe it ? pharaoh 's dead !
12	slave #1	yes ! tonight we are slaves to no one - except the rhythm !
12	leela	yeah ! play those bongos !
12	fry	i 'm gon na spin til i fall down !
12	bender	we interrupt this prophecy to bring you late breaking bulletin . he hammers the back of his head and creates and imprint of himself on the wall .
12	high priest	great wall of prophecy , reveal to us god 's will that we will blindly obey .
12	priests	( chanting ) free us from thought and responsibility .
12	high priest	we shall read things off you .
12	priests	( chanting ) then do them .
12	high priest	your words guide us .
12	priests	( chanting ) we 're dumb .
12	fry	you know what else stinks about being a slave ? the hours .
12	high priest	the prophecy is strange and ... crudely drawn at best . it indicates that , we are " here " and our next pharaoh is over there near some ... tents .
12	bender	those are waves jackass , it 's supposed to be a river !
12	fry	hey , i think i know who the next pharaoh is !
12	leela	oh lord !
12	high priest	we hear your voice great pharaoh . reveal yourself to us .
12	bender	behold ! i have emerged from the place of spells and fairies !
12	high priest	it is he . just as the wall of prophecy prophesied . long live pharaoh bender !
12	slaves	( chanting ) long live pharaoh bender !
12	leela	this society is a bunch of idiots .
12	high priest	people of osiris 4 , please welcome a man who started as a slave but worked his way up to lord of all creation ! our new pharaoh - bender !
12	bender	citizens of me ! the cruelty of the old pharaoh is a thing of the past . let a whole new wave of cruelty wash over this lazy land .
12	leela	what did he say ?
12	bender	hear the word of pharaoh . build unto me a statue of ridiculous proportion . one billion cubits in height ...... that i might be remembered for all eternity . and be quick about it !
12	bender	lowly slave . why are you not working ?
12	slave #2	i am .
12	bender	i meant yourself to death .
12	slave #3	mighty pharaoh , it hurts when i breathe .
12	bender	well then what do you think you should stop doing ? crawl pigs !
12	leela	ow !
12	bender	the pharaoh has spoken .
12	bender	your task is nearly completed . do n't let down pharaoh now .
12	osiran	the great monument is finished oh pharaoh . and now , the unveiling .
12	statue	remember me . remember me . remember me .
12	osiran	does it please you my lord ?
12	bender	hmm ... its a good start . uh ... yeah it 's definately big alright . i just wonder if it 's too big y' know ? i mean , are people gon na be remembering me or the statue ?
12	high priest	but sire , we made it to your exact specifications .
12	bender	too exact if you ask me . tear it down and start again . but this time do n't embarrass yourselves .
12	high priest	ladies and gentlemen , the pharaoh ... suddenly died !
12	leela	good riddance .
12	bender	what about my servants ?
12	priest	oh yeah .
12	fry	bender , i really hope that 's you . 'cause if it is n't ...... we 're in trouble !
12	leela	you jerk . why 'd you have to drag us along ?
12	bender	i wanted to watch you remember me .
12	leela	did you really think you 'd need all this junk in the afterlife ?
12	bender	afterlife ? pfft . if i thought i had to go through a whole other life i 'd kill myself right now !
12	leela	well rot in peace . fry and i are leaving .
12	bender	sorry but we 're totally sealed in . nothing can get in or out . except millions of snakes . here , have a pomergranate scnapps from my private distillery and start sharing fond memories of me , bender .
12	fry	what proof is this ? some huge number ?
12	leela	it 's explosive ! maybe we could escape by setting fire to the distillery and blowing this whole place to rubble ! let 's get a little kindling going !
12	bender	no ! you ca n't blow up my monument , i wo n't be remembered .
12	leela	oh right , how selfish of me . we 'll just stay here forever . hey fry , remember that robot " bender " ?
12	fry	bend-er ? does n't ring a bell . did you hear something leela ?
12	leela	no . but i bet it was n't someone who was good at stealing .
12	bender	stop it stop it ! it 's not right ! you 've crossed a line !
12	fry	hey leela you know who i remember ... ?
12	bender	oh please , let it be me !
12	fry	... that guy who used to bend things . you know ... ?
12	bender	me , please !
12	fry	... hermes .
12	bender	alright alright ! if it means that much to you , blow up my statue !
12	leela	oh bender ! when did you come in ? hold still ! let 's blow this tomb !
12	slave #1	pharaoh bender ! he once more walks among the living !
12	statue	remember me !
12	bender	( crying ) i will . i will . please , just leave me alone .
12	leela	bender , i understand your desire to be remembered . but you do n't need a statue for that .
12	bender	( crying ) i do n't ?
12	leela	no . you have your legacy as a brutal tyrannical dictator . and that will outlive any monument .
12	bender	you really think they 'll remember me ?
12	fry	absolutely .
12	bender	well in that case . one planet down ! helmsman ...
12	bender	... set course for earth !
12	leela	that 's not earth .
12	bender	oh .
13	linda	in what has become a winter tradition , members of the zarlon 7 polar bear club today took the plunge into a river of liquid ammonia .
13	morbo	there were no survivors .
13	linda	takes all kinds ! and now , with his annual xmas message , here 's the head of the xmas safety council , the head of walter cronkite .
13	cronkite	seasons warnings , linda and morbo .
13	bender	this guy 's too trustworthy . what 's his angle ?
13	cronkite	in all the tinsel and terror of the holiday season we too often underestimate that murderous brute better known as santa claus . with images of last year 's gingerbread massacre freshly baked into our memories , i remind you to bolt your doors , say goodbye to your pets and lock your children in the closet . this is walter cronkite saying " i told you so " .
13	hermes	sacred ball of west and eastern samoa . we 've got to secure for santa 's arrival .
13	fry	just as well . i 'm getting tired of this wood show .
13	farnsworth	cover that fireplace , confound you ! i 've only a few years to live . i do n't wan na spend them dead .
13	leela	we 're pushing as hard as we can .
13	bender	oh ! pushing !
13	farnsworth	oh , we 're doomed ! every year we 're doomed . thanks be i had these bullet-proof shutters installed .
13	farnsworth	bring it on , santa ! that bloodthirsty cadaver junkie ca n't touch us as long as we 're not stupid enough to leave this building .
13	fry	alright !
13	leela	yeah !
13	farnsworth	in a related matter , you 'll be delivering this sack of children 's letters directly to santa at his death fortress on neptune .
13	fry	these letters are real butt-nutters ! listen to this one : ( reading ) dear santa .
13	girl	( thinking and writing ) please , please do n't bring me any gifts . the bicycle you fired at me last year from your bicycle gun really tore up my insides .
13	leela	awful ! let 's read some more . ( reading ) dear santa .
13	boy	( thinking and writing ) please bring me a coffin for grandpa . you choked him with a chestnut last year and he 's beginning to smell a lot like xmas if you know what i mean .
13	fry	it 's not fair . in my day xmas was supposed to bring people together , not blow them apart !
13	bender	sure , but who 's going to do anything about it ? certainly not us . no , sir !
13	fry	certainly yes us ! uh-huh , sir ! we 've got ta bring back the kind of xmas i remember .
13	leela	fry 's right . it 's time to sit on santa 's lap -- and hard !
13	leela	oh , look ! a cute little welcoming party .
13	neptunian #1	hey ! wan na buy a tiny little kidney ?
13	neptunian #2	i 'll let you punch me for a buck .
13	fry	uh , look , we 've got mail for santa . are you his elves ?
13	neptunian #2	we 're not elves . we 're neptunians .
13	neptunian #1	we 're just shrimp-y because he does n't feed us .
13	neptunian #2	you hit me ! you owe me a dollar .
13	neptunian #3	hey , you got any food ? old teabags , chewed gum , apple cores ? come on ! we 're starving here !
13	fry	but you live in a gingerbread house .
13	neptunian #4	hey ! it 's food or shelter , not both .
13	bender	you lazy runts ! do n't you get paid for making the toys ?
13	neptunian #4	who said " toys " ?
13	neptunians	toys ? toys ? who said " toys " ?
13	neptunian #2	false alarm , folks ! there 's no reason to make toys since santa judges everyone to be naughty .
13	fry	that 's it ! i 'm gon na deliver a gift of my boot up santa 's chimney . where is he ?
13	neptunian #2	there ! in his ice fortress .
13	leela	we 'll need help getting in . any volunteers ?
13	neptunian #1	i 'll help you !
13	neptunian #2	ah , phooey !
13	neptunian #2	an omen ?
13	neptunian #1	dinner !
13	santa	let 's see who 's been naughty , and who 's been naughty ! mobsters beating up a shopkeeper for protection money . very naughty ! shopkeeper 's not paying their protection money . exactly as naughty ! i saw that ! huh ?
13	neptunian #2	we brought your mail .
13	santa	do n't you ever knock ? who knows what naughty things i could be watching ? i get new orleans on this thing , you know !
13	neptunian #2	do n't kill us !
13	leela	santa 's a robot , so we should be able to destroy him with a logical paradox . bender , you 'd better cover your ears .
13	santa	holy night ! intruders !
13	leela	hold it santa ! consider this : you are programmed to destroy the naughty . but many of those you destroy are in fact , nice . i submit to you , that you are naughty , and logically , you must destroy yourself .
13	santa	nice try . but my head was built with paradox-absorbing crumple-zones .
13	leela	wait ! this is what we 're running from !
13	fry	faster ! faster !
13	fry	why are n't we moving ?
13	leela	i do n't know . usually when i do stuff like this the ship moves .
13	santa	ho ho -- eh ?
13	fry	he 's trapped !
13	neptunian #2	now we can make toys again !
13	neptunians	( chanting ) toys ! toys ! toys !
13	fry	and i can deliver them . billions and billions in one night .
13	santa	hah ! no human could do all that .
13	fry	evil knievel could !
13	santa	nuh-uh !
13	bender	santa 's right . we need some sort of robot . aw , crap ! i 'm some sort of robot .
13	neptunians	hooray ! hooray ! hooray !
13	santa	bender ca n't be santa ! he was n't built to yuletide specifications .
13	bender	oh , yeah ? well i was n't built to steal leela 's purse either . but that did n't stop me .
13	leela	bender !
13	bender	bow to your new santa !
13	neptunians	our hero !
13	neptunians	( singing ) we are free and fairly sober ,
13	neptunians	( singing ) the machines are kinda tricky ,
13	fry	( singing ) which is good because we do n't intend to pay .
13	all	( singing ) the elves are back to work today !
13	neptunians	( singing ) hooray ! [ they saw logs and they go down a conveyor belt . ] we have just a couple hours , to make several billion gifts , [ a neptunian boxes some toys . another adds the polystyrene s 's . ]
13	leela	( singing ) then you 'll all work triple shifts ,
13	fry leela and bender	( singing ) it 's back to work on xmas eve !
13	neptunians	( cheering ) hooray !
13	leela	( singing ) and though you 're cold and sore and ugly ,
13	neptunian	( singing ) there 's a toy lodged in my brain !
13	neptunians	( singing ) we are getting awfully tired ,
13	bender	( singing ) why you selfish little bastards ,
13	neptunian	ow !
13	bender	( singing ) then shut your yaps and back to work .
13	neptunians	( singing ) now it 's very nearly xmas ,
13	fry	( singing ) these toys soldiers are poorly painted ,
13	leela	( singing ) and they 're made from inferior wood .
13	bender	( singing ) i should give you all a beating ,
13	santa	( singing ) if i were n't stuck here frozen ,
13	neptunians	( singing ) now its back into our tenements ,
13	leela	( singing ) you did the best you could , br > i guess that some of these gorillas are ok ,
13	neptunian	we 're adequate !
13	all	( singing ) the elves have rescued xmas day ! hooray !
13	bender	( stupid voice ) duh ! gee , bender , how you gon na get through these bars ? ( normal voice ) i dunno , moron , suppose i bend them ? ( stupid voice ) duh , ok !
13	girl	mommy ! mommy ! santa 's through the perimeter !
13	mrs. grant	this is it , kids . take your suicide pills so you wo n't suffer .
13	bender	no , wait ! i 'm the good santa . i 've got toys ... at very reasonable prices !
13	jeffery	do n't listen to him . he 's the father of all lies and the uncle of all tricks !
13	bender	but i come bearing tri-ominos !
13	mrs. grant	go for the shins !
13	bender	( groaning ) one down ...
13	petunia	well , hello there , handsome ! wo n't you have a cookie ?
13	bender	uh , do n't mind if i do . ow ! what 's in these things ?
13	petunia	why do n't you slip into something more fiery ?
13	bender	ow !
13	kwanzaabot	yo , kringle ! what happened to you , doll ?
13	bender	oh , it 's awful , kwanzabot . everyone hates me .
13	kwanzaabot	at least they understand you , you know what i 'm sayin ' ? ai n't nobody down with this kwanza tip .
13	bender	hey ! maybe you could lend me a hand with these deliveries .
13	kwanzaabot	no time ! i got ta hand out the traditional kwanzaa book . i 've been givin ' these out for 647 years !
13	fry	ah ! bathtub eggnog ! just the way grandma used to drink . ew ! it went sour !
13	zoidberg	ca n't i have a scented bath in peace ?
13	leela	remember , professor : bender is santa . so we do n't need to hurt him , right ?
13	farnsworth	yes , yes , yes . you sound like a broken mp3 !
13	bender	ho ho -- ow !
13	leela	( shouting ) professor ! do n't you remember what i told you ?
13	farnsworth	( shouting ) no !
13	bender	( crying ) oh , there 's got ta be a better way .
13	bender	bender you 're a genius !
13	vyolet	this creates and unrealistic standard of beauty !
13	bender	now it 's time for santa to screw open his present !
13	smitty	it 's santa ! and we got him cornered !
13	url	aw , i smell a juicy promotion for me .
13	smitty	and a juicy re-hiring-back-onto-the-force for me !
13	bailiff	this xmas day session of court will come to order . the honourable judge whitey presiding .
13	whitey	santa claus , you stand accused of crimes against humanity . how do you plead ?
13	bender	not santa !
13	farnsworth	there he is again !
13	hyper-chicken	now , pramala , i know it 's scary in that there witness box but t ' ai n't no need to fear me . i 'm sorry , i thought you was corn . now , would you please point at that robot over there . no further questions . daddy done good , huh ?
13	bender	is n't it true that you have been paid for your testimony ?
13	pramala	yes . you gave me a dollar and some candy .
13	bender	and yet you have n't said what i told you to say . how can any of us trust you ?
13	whitey	quit badgering the witness !
13	hyper-chicken	badger ? where ?
13	whitey	whereas i have a ham dinner with mayonnaise waiting for me at my mansion , i find the defendant guilty . santa claus , i hereby sentence you to be executed at sundown .
13	leela	it 's not fair . i just hope that dumb chicken is ashamed of himself .
13	smitty	deactivated robot walking . we got a deactivated robot walking here .
13	robot	hey , santa , when you see the robot devil , tell him i 'm - a comin ' !
13	bender	hey , that guy said to tell you that --
13	robot devil	i heard him !
13	neptunian #1	greetings , masters . my companion and i made lots of toys .
13	leela	outta my way , shrimp-oh . we 're here to bring santa back so we can prove bender 's innocent .
13	santa	do what you will . but we 'll see who has the last ho .
13	leela	there .
13	fry	oh , no ! the ice is melting !
13	leela	the pollution from the factory . it caused a greenhouse effect .
13	neptunian #1	that would explain this heat .
13	fry	and your breezy short-shorts !
13	neptunian #2	uh , yeah ! that would explain it .
13	fry	hurry ! we 've got ta think of another way to save bender or xmas will be ruined !
13	leela	especially for bender .
13	santa	look out , earth . i 'm dreaming of a red xmas .
13	poopenmeyer	ah , good old maggie ! eh ? when i pull this switch , these powerful electromagnets will tear you limb-from-limb , killing you in the most humane possible manner .
13	bender	but , mr. mayor , that does n't sound humane .
13	poopenmeyer	it is for the witnesses because it 's not boring ! the instant this random number generator reaches zero , you 'll be executed .
13	bender	aw !
13	poopenmeyer	ten . three . twelve . three again .
13	leela	stop the execution !
13	bender	leela !
13	poopenmeyer	fifteen . negative eight .
13	leela	you got the wrong santa . and i 'll prove it .
13	fry	i 'm santa claus !
13	poopenmeyer	what ? twenty-seven .
13	hermes	no . i 'm santa claus .
13	poopenmeyer	six .
13	amy	( disguised , deeper voice ) we 're also santa claus .
13	zoidberg	and i 'm his friend jesus !
13	fry	your mayorness , if you execute him , you have to execute all of us .
13	poopenmeyer	you people are n't santa . you 're not even robots ! ninety-one . how dare you lie in front of jesus ! hey ! zero !
13	bender	no ! not the magnets ! ( singing ) swing low , sweet chariot , coming for to carry me home . swing low sweet --
13	fry	this is horrible .
13	farnsworth	but it 's not boring !
13	santa	ho ho ho !
13	poopenmeyer	my god ! the real santa ! get him , jesus !
13	zoidberg	i help those who help themselves .
13	bender	santa ! you saved my life . please do n't kill me !
13	santa	i 'm not here to kill you , bender ! i need you to help me save xmas .
13	bender	gee whiz , santa ! you want me to help you ?
13	fry	do n't do it ! he 's evil !
13	santa	i know he is but i have no choice . i 'm running late and if i do n't complete my brutal rampage , well , it just would n't be xmas . i guess what i 'm asking is : bender , wo n't you join my slaying tonight ?
13	bender	well ... 't is the season !
13	man	my hair !
13	woman	my wedding cake !
13	santa	let it snow !
13	bender	merry xmas , kids !
13	leela	this wangs chun ! after all the good we tried to do , xmas turned out as rotten as ever .
13	farnsworth	no heat .
13	amy	no power .
13	hermes	huddled together in fear like lice in a burning wig .
13	fry	wait a second ! maybe your futuristic xmas is n't so rotten after all .
13	leela	what are you talking about , you crouton ? you said it yourself : xmas should be about bringing people together , not blowing them apart .
13	fry	but do n't you see ? fear has brought us together . that 's the magic of xmas !
13	farnsworth	that 's a big crock of -- hold me !
13	bender	on , trasher ! on , smasher ! hey , kwanzaabot , where you off to ?
13	kwanzaabot	ah , you did n't hear about it ? chanukah zombie 's having a luau at the b'nai brith ! you comin ' ?
13	bender	word !
13	santa	by the way , bender , here 's a small token of my appreciation for being santa while i was trapped in the ice .
13	bender	hey , chief , you screwed up . there 's nothing in here .
13	santa	oh , it might appear empty but the message is clear : play santa again and i 'll kill you next year ! ho ho ho !
14	zoidberg	( singing ) freedom , freedom , freedom , oy !
14	fry	there 's no denying it : the future 's crazy ! oh , well . do n't wan na stand out .
14	fry and zoidberg	( singing ) freedom , freedom , freedom , oy !
14	zoidberg	there 's nothing crazy about it . it 's just freedom day !
14	farnsworth	... an extremely dangerous mission ...
14	fry	so , what is freedom day ? sounds like some kind of feminine hygiene product .
14	zoidberg	no , it 's a fabulous , crab-ulous day !
14	amy	if you wan na do something , you do it ! and to splick with the consequences !
14	bender	you know ? like how i live every day .
14	hermes	happy freedom day ! ooh ! i think my wrist is broken .
14	farnsworth	of course , it would n't be freedom day without the traditional freedom tub !
14	hermes	mmm ! that 'll feel nice on my shattered bones !
14	fry	wow ! nude hot-tubbing ? that 's all i need to hear about freedom day !
14	zoidberg	then consider the following lecture a bonus : on earth , freedom is a given . but on my planet , we have to suffer for it .
14	decapodian woman	sure , you can be a comedian instead of a doctor -- if you want your parents to roll over in their graves !
14	decapodian man	sure . you can vote for shkinadel -- if you want there should be a recession !
14	decapodian woman	sure . you can go to medical school -- if you 've given up on your dream of being a comedian !
14	zoidberg	that 's why i love earth ! you can do what you want , and no-one makes you feel guilty because no-one cares .
14	fry	( shouting ) we 're not listening !
14	zoidberg	that 's what i 'm talking about !
14	stilt people	( chanting ) freedom , freedom , freedom , oy ! freedom , freedom , freedom , oy !
14	bender	scuse me , comin ' through . freedom train arriving on track one .
14	woman	ow ! you broke my foot !
14	bender	freedom !
14	morbo	what 's this next float , linda ?
14	linda	representing our men , women and children in uniform , it 's earth 's greatest space hero , zapp brannigan !
14	zapp	happy freedom day , ladies ! come on , let loose and show me something ! anything . seriously , i 'd take an armpit . oh , yeah ! thank you , linda !
14	linda	you 're welcome ! ok , morbo , now it 's your turn .
14	morbo	if that is your freedom day wish .
14	nixon	thank you , secretary of transportation . my fellow earthicans , we enjoy so much freedom , it 's almost sickening . we 're free to choose which hand our sex-monitoring chip is implanted in . and if we do n't want to pay our taxes , why , we 're free to spend a weekend with the pain monster .
14	pain monster	see you april 15th , folks !
14	nixon	cue the fireworks guy ! incidentally , tonight 's freedom day celebration is brought to you by ... ... " shankman 's rubbing compound " . when something needs rubbing , think " shankman " .
14	bender	yay ! shankman !
14	hermes	it costs a little more but it 's worth it !
14	nixon	our planet has been through so much this past year : wars , droughts , impeachments ! but we 've never lost our sense of what 's truly important : the great taste of " charleston chew " ! and now , let us salute that beloved symbol of freedom , our flag , ol' freebie !
14	zoidberg	i 'm swelling with patriotic mucus !
14	nixon	in our darkest hour , we can stand erect , with proud upthrust bosoms !
14	fry	anyone who laughs is a communist !
14	nixon	knowing that , with a shifty glance skyward , we will see by the rocket 's red glare , that our flag is still there . it 's gone !
14	zoidberg	yes , fellow patriots , i ate your flag . and i did it with pride . for to express oneself with doing a thing is the very essence of freedom day ! bless this planet and all its wonderful people !
14	nixon	( shouting ) kill him ! kill the traitor !
14	man	hey , it 's the guy who desecrated our flag !
14	nixon	stop that red menace !
14	zoidberg	i 'm all scuttled out ! huh ? my planet 's embassy ? they 're paid to not kill me ! a-yoop !
14	zoidberg	i thought i understood this world . i thought i was fitting in . but i guess i do n't belong on here anymore than i belong on our crappy home planet -- ooh , sorry .
14	decapodian man	what sorry ? our planet stinks , we all know it .
14	ambassador moivin	enough with the persecution , i 'm saying . zoidberg , as ambassador , i promise you the full support of our government already .
14	decapodian woman	poor boy . you want maybe a nice mug cocoa ?
14	zoidberg	ambassador moivin , you and your staff are so kind . i 'm truly humbled . what , no marshmallows ?
14	nixon	let 's storm the place ... without my prior knowledge .
14	bender	scuse me , comin ' through . freedom train , step aside . you too , fatso . freedom !
14	leela	cool your jowls , nixon . you may not like it that dr. zoidberg desecrated a flag . you might even find the image of it festering in his bowels somehow offensive . but the right to freedom of expression is guaranteed by the earth constitution .
14	nixon	aroo ! maybe so . but i know a place where the constitution does n't mean squat .
14	myrtle fu	the supreme court hereby accepts the case of earth vs zoidberg .
14	nixon	sock it to 'em !
14	crowd	( chanting ) two , four , six , eight , eating the flag is bad .
14	scout leader	now your noose knot has exactly seven twists .
14	man	( singing ) you can eat my dog , you can eat my truck , but you eat my flag , and you 're outta luck !
14	crowd	( chanting ) do n't mess with earth !
14	fry	they sure hate dr. zoidberg .
14	bender	pft . posers ! i was hating zoidberg before it was cool .
14	fry	where are we ever going to find a lawyer to take his case ?
14	leela	i 'll ask the head of the aclu . once he 's done singing .
14	man	( singing ) do n't mess with earth . ( talking ) kill zoidberg ! goodnight !
14	old man waterfall	howdy there ! i 'm a lawyer and i 'd like to help your friend out of his pickle .
14	fry	who are you , old man ?
14	old man waterfall	name 's old man waterfall . but most folks just call me " old man " .
14	fry	i 'll never remember that .
14	old man waterfall	i 'm a veteran of three dozen wars . name a body part and a planet and i 've taken a bullet in it , on it . all to keep our flag flying free .
14	bender	and you wan na defend zoidberg ? are you familiar with the old robot saying " does not compute " ?
14	old man waterfall	son , to me a robot 's just a garbage can with sparks comin ' out it .
14	bender	( sad ) the sparks keep me warm .
14	old man waterfall	i do n't condone what dr. zoidberg did but i 'll fight tooth and nail for his freedom to do it . or i would if i had n't lost my teeth and nails on mars and saturn respectively .
14	fry	wait , you 're a lawyer ? you 're hired !
14	fry	you ok there in the embassy , zoidberg ?
14	holo-zoidberg	no . there 's no coaco marshmallows and every night the rats eat a little more of my foot .
14	bailiff	oyez , oyez , oyez . all rise for the honourable chief justice , myrtle fu , and the associate justices .
14	myrtle fu	counsel , you may address the court on behalf of earth , if you 're ready .
14	hyper-chicken	i was hatched ready ! honourable judge heads , yonder crawdad done ate up our flag .
14	holo-zoidberg	i was doing freedom of speech . earth 's most sacred right .
14	hyper-chicken	your honour , freedom of speech applies to what comes out of a mouth . not what goes in .
14	o'connor	can counsel cite precedent ?
14	hyper-chicken	uh , yes darlin ' , i can . in " state of alabama vs. giant space iguana " , chewin ' the corners off the constitution was deemed " nonprotected speech " .
14	souter	he shut you up , o'connor .
14	myrtle fu	mr. waterfall , you may now present arguments on behalf of dr. zoidberg .
14	holo-zoidberg	oh , god , i 'm nervous . two of my three hearts are having attacks .
14	bender	court 's kinda fun when it 's not my ass on the line ! nachos ?
14	old man waterfall	oh , land-o-goshen ! your honours , i 'm not some slick , big-city lawyer like my opponent here . but i am a veteran who has fought for his planet . you see this hand of mine ?
14	scalia	yes , i do .
14	old man waterfall	no , you do n't 'cause i lost my real hand plantin ' the flag when we took back halley 's comet ! yet it was worth it . so much do i love that flag . i love it even more than i love my seven wives . that 's right , i 'm a polygamist . yet i would gladly eat a flag myself , had i not used my intestine as a rope to hoist a flag made of my own skin , if it would protect the freedoms of the proud people who salute that flag . freedom such as polygamy . i rest my case . whoa , jeez !
14	myrtle fu	the justices and i will now confer using high-speed telepathy . by a vote of six to three , we find that flag eating is not protected by the constitution .
14	bender	six to three ? i beat the spread !
14	myrtle fu	the court orders an immediate public apology .
14	holo-zoidberg	apology accepted . just do n't let it happen again .
14	hermes	she means you , you turkey of the sea !
14	holo-zoidberg	me ? apologise ? never ! i came to this planet to learn the meaning of freedom . but i say it 's you who should get a nice lesson ! so do your worst , because no punishment could be worse than denying my freedom .
14	myrtle fu	you are hereby sentenced to death .
14	holo-zoidberg	wait , let me finish !
14	myrtle fu	also , in a rare double-whammy decision , the court finds polygamy constitutional .
14	old man waterfall	i ca n't wait to tell my husband !
14	zapp	remember , men : take him alive so there 's something left to kill .
14	ambassador moivin	stay back ! this embassy is sovereign mud of the mud planet decapod 10 . invading these mud premises is an act of war .
14	zapp	yeah ? well what are you going to do about it , shrimp-y ?
14	ambassador moivin	you wan na see , mr. big-shot ? attack earth . yes i know it 's a schlep . just do it !
14	zoidberg	aha ! now the rubber band 's on the other claw !
14	zapp	ready ? retreat !
14	person	( from library ) sh !
14	zoidberg	deny my freedom , will you ? well we 'll do to you what we did to the squash men of the squash planet ! squish them !
14	ambassador moivin	charleston chew ?
14	zoidberg	you bet !
14	zapp	alright , kif , let 's show these freaks what a bloated , runaway military budget can do . bring me the activation codes for our global defence network .
14	kif	( unenthusiastic ) aye , aye , sir .
14	computer voice	commence lip identification scan . no tongue .
14	zapp	we ca n't be too careful with these codes . rumour has it a double agent may be aboard this very ship . i 'm watching you ! you , ensign ? what 's your name ?
14	"ensign"	hugh man , sir !
14	zapp	hugh man ? now that 's a name i can trust . run down to the central battle computer and enter these codes . chop , chop !
14	kif	um , sir ? there 's something about that ensign that 's --
14	zapp	you 're damn right there is ! that strapping young lad 's gunning for your job . and he just might get it .
14	zapp	the enemy approacheth ! lieutenant , fire missile one and recommend me for another medal . make it gaudy , i 'm going clubbing later . tick , tock !
14	kif	sir , all planetary defences have been disabled . perhaps the decapodians acquired our secret codes , somehow .
14	zapp	well , kif , stand by to take the blame . steady , steady ... now !
14	leela	dr. zoidberg , how can you claim to love freedom and then enslave all of earth ?
14	zoidberg	bah ! your planet does n't deserve freedom until it learns what it is to not have freedom . it 's a lesson , i say .
14	fry	ow !
14	bender	what the hell is this dirt pile we 're building anyhow ?
14	zoidberg	none of your beeswax , slave ! you 'll find out soon enough . just focus on globing that mud . ( shouting ) glob !
14	fry	i 'm no good at being a slave . i 'm thinking about graduate school . y' know ? to become a barber ?
14	leela	this ca n't go on . today is the day we fight back !
14	bender	it 's already 10 o'clock !
14	leela	oh , you 're right . tomorrow is the day we fight back .
14	zapp	yeah ? well good luck , sister . all our modern technology is useless .
14	bender	i know i am .
14	fry	hey , wait ! i 'm having one of those things . you know ? a headache with pictures ?
14	leela	an idea ?
14	fry	back in my day , we did n't have your fancy all-digital weapons but we still managed to kill each other just fine .
14	bender	ah , the crossbow . a pitiless , elegant killing machine . the bender of the 15th century .
14	fry	not big enough . we need something that can take out an entire army . something you could commit a war crime with --
14	bender	wow ! ow !
14	ambassador moivin	earth slaves , behold the fruit of your labours : the mobile oppression palace .
14	bender	neat !
14	ambassador moivin	i do n't need to tell you that occupation forces are expensive . but with the mobile oppression palace , a few dignitaries can oppress your entire planet for pennies a day . warships , dismissed !
14	old man waterfall	do your worst , you sea devils ! i 'll make my stand with ol' freebie . you can crush me but you ca n't crush my spirit ! argh ! my spirit !
14	frieda waterfall	great grandpa , no ! another victim of the mano-centric male-ocracy .
14	zoidberg	ambassador moivin , you killed my lawyer .
14	ambassador moivin	you 're welcome .
14	zoidberg	he defended my freedom when no-one else would . he was a good and honourable man .
14	old man waterfall	i request a satanic funeral .
14	zoidberg	is it possible that all this slavery and oppression is shmutzing up our freedom lesson ?
14	ambassador moivin	ah , take a pill , zoidberg . ( shouting ) begin again with the crushing !
14	fry	you have n't won yet , moivin ! you did n't expect us to even go to a museum , much less steal this ancient heat-seeking missile .
14	ambassador moivin	i do n't even know you .
14	decapodian woman	oh , it 's gon na make such a mess !
14	ambassador moivin	this is your secret plan ? meh ! heat-seeking missiles are useless against the mobile oppression palace . all decapodian technology is cold-blooded , like us !
14	zoidberg	all eyes on zoidberg ! ew !
14	bender	hey , i need that to smoke !
14	fry	zoidberg , how could you ? i used to think you were cool .
14	zoidberg	wait ! people of earth , listen . yes , i 'm desecrating a flag . but to preserve the freedom it represents !
14	leela	zoidberg , you set us free ! i feel like i could stand to hug you ! i ca n't , but you know what i 'm trying to say .
14	crowd	( chanting ) zoidberg ! zoidberg ! zoidberg !
14	zoidberg	ah , if only they appreciated freedom this much on my home planet . wait a second ! they do ! because this is my home planet .
14	nixon	and now , to raise this beautiful new flag , a red lobster that wo n't ruin your dinner : dr. john zoidberg !
14	zoidberg	you 're a nice man , nixon .
14	scoop chang	dr. zoidberg , how 's about you take a bite of the flag for tomorrow 's papers ?
14	zoidberg	oh , i could n't .
14	nixon	no , no , no , go ahead . you 've earned it !
14	zoidberg	well , maybe just a taste . mmm ! now that 's a grand old flag ! i wonder what the shroud of turin tastes like .
15	bender	wow ! i 'm finally gon na see my favourite chef , tv 's elzar . oh this is the greatest nanosecond of my life . no , this one is - no , this one . wait ... that one was slightly worse . ah , so far so good on this one .
15	bender	yeah ! alright ! yeah baby !
15	man	elzar ! alright !
15	bender	elzar , you 're my god . please sign this sketch i drew of you .
15	elzar	now , this is why i prefer your non-stick robots .
15	bender	( disappointed ) oh . ( normal ) alright , yeah ! ( quietly ) alright , yeah !
15	elzar	hey , i hope you folks like cajun food . 'cause today we 're making elzar 's down-home neptune-style gumbo . now , step one . you 'll wan na boil some oysters in a pot of down-home neptune-style gumbo .
15	bender	( loudly ) boiled ? interesting .
15	leela	( whispering ) bender , please try to be a little quieter .
15	bender	no , you shut up .
15	elzar	of course , every now and then you 'll wan na knock it up a notch with a blast from your spice weasel . bam !
15	bender	oh yeah , bam it again elzar . knock it up another notch !
15	elzar	jeez , who let this guy through the metal detector ?
15	bender	come on you wimp . work that weasel . quit holding out on us .
15	elzar	if you promise to stop interrupting alright . against my will , i 'm gon na knock it up another notch .
15	bender	i got ta get this notch-up knocking on film . hey elzar , think fast .
15	elzar	what , huh ?
15	leela	ow ! my eye ! i 'm blind !
15	bender	bam !
15	hattie	tell me doctor , how 's my cyst ?
15	hattie's doctor	grande .
15	zoidberg	i do n't like the look of this doctor . i bet i 've lost more patients than he 's even treated .
15	doctor	ok . what does this look like ?
15	leela	um ... a grey-ish blob ?
15	doctor	right . and this one ?
15	leela	um ... a grey-ish blob ?
15	doctor	not as right that time . it looks like you might have some mild corneal irritation .
15	zoidberg	nice try little boy . you might have your textbook knowledge and your real diploma but i have more skill in my little claw than you have in your whole carapace .
15	doctor	you seem a bit tense . here try these .
15	zoidberg	sure , butter me up with candy . but it wo n't work sonny ! ( dazed ) why always the fighting ?
15	doctor	your eye just needs some rest . you 'll have to wear this patch for about a week .
15	leela	a week ? what do you think dr zoidberg ?
15	zoidberg	( dazed ) clack .
15	zoidberg	( dazed ) thanks for the help leela .
15	amy	( shouting ) leela , we 're right here .
15	leela	i 'm not deaf . i just have to wear this stupid eye patch . does it look stupid ?
15	fry	no . in fact , it looks so nice i think i might get one too .
15	bender	it 's elzar again ! oh my god i 'm so excited i wish i could wet my pants .
15	elzar	leela , please , let me make this up to you . you and your friends are all invited to my restaurant tonight . i 'm gon na bam you up a dinner you 'll never forget .
15	amy	( cheering ) alright !
15	fry	( cheering ) yeah !
15	bender	( cheering ) hooray for blindy !
15	zoidberg	oh god . i 'm coming dowwwn !
15	elzar	folks tell the neighbours to watch your mouth 'cause your tastebuds are going on vacation . i made you each your own special meal so dig in !
15	hermes	it 's the biggest jamaican platter i 've ever seen . jerk chicken , jerk beef , jerk pork . is there any meat this man ca n't jerk ?
15	zoidberg	the king crab is to die for ! look , a tiny edible crown !
15	amy	what 's it made of ?
15	zoidberg	wood !
15	bender	oh fry , you got ta try this sterno-nicoise !
15	fry	no thanks . that 's robot food .
15	bender	it 's so good . oh just try a little !
15	fry	no really i do n't - mmm !
15	amy	you doing alright over there leela ?
15	leela	oh yeah , this salad 's fantastic . so fresh .
15	farnsworth	oh my . that steamed carrot was a bit spicy for me .
15	elzar	everybody enjoy their dinner ?
15	leela	are you kidding me ?
15	amy	uh-huh .
15	bender	god , yes elzar .
15	elzar	well , i enjoyed cooking for you . and just to make everything completely square , i want you to have these complimentary after-dinner chocolates .
15	hermes	what 's this under the chocolates ?
15	elzar	yeah , you take care of that whenever you want .
15	hermes	hey .
15	amy	a bill ?
15	leela	you 're charging us ? after you blinded me ?
15	elzar	hey i made you a nice meal . this ai n't a charity .
15	fry	$ 1200 ?
15	farnsworth	holy zombie jesus !
15	hermes	we do n't have that kind of money . especially not zoidberg .
15	zoidberg	they took away my credit card .
15	elzar	ok ok wait . i know how to take care of this , no problem .
15	url	you deadbeats are under arrest . it 's a stone cold shame .
15	smitty	he 's making a break for it . get him !
15	fry	no , i was just picking my nose .
15	smitty	he 's picking his nose . get him !
15	smitty	the old dine-and-dash huh ? my daddy owned a restaurant and it 's punks like you who kept it from going regional . that 's why i became a cop .
15	url	now it 's payback time . aww yeah .
15	zoidberg	please do n't hit me . i 'm brittle .
15	bender	hey wait a second . i 've got the perfect solution .
15	zoidberg	listen to the smart robot .
15	bender	i love cooking and elzar 's ass likes getting kissed right ?
15	elzar	no question .
15	bender	so , how ' bout i work part time at the restaurant to pay off our debt ?
15	elzar	i do n't know . i usually hire people who are a little less unbearable .
15	hermes	oh , bender 's a model employee .
15	amy	he 's so polite .
15	leela	and hard working .
15	fry	he 's made of candy .
15	elzar	ok , fine , i 'll give it a shot .
15	fry	( cheering ) alright !
15	hermes	( cheering ) yes !
15	bender	hot diggety !
15	smitty	you 'd better keep your nose clean .
15	bender	that 'll be easy . i never wear the damn thing .
15	hermes	ah . time for my precious 10am meeting . where in legoland is leela ?
15	leela	i 'm here and i 'm getting along just fine thank you . my walk to work today just took a little longer than usual . nibbler took me through the zoo for some reason .
15	amy	leela , a little help is nothing to be embarrassed about . like , maybe i could do your makeup .
15	leela	i do n't need help . for you information i did this all by myself .
15	farnsworth	you look beautiful . incidentally , my favourite artist is picasso .
15	bender	well , i 'm off to work at the restaurant . one of you will have to fill in for me while i 'm gone .
15	farnsworth	better yet , i 'll build someone to fill in for you . some kind of gamma powered mechanical monster , with freeway on-ramps for arms and a heart as black as coal ...
15	bender	well , if that new give ca n't handle thing , gimmie a call .
15	bender	i 'm done siphoning out the grease trap . i think i need a mint . so uh , what job do i move up to ? pastry chef ? saucier ? soup guy ?
15	elzar	bam !
15	bender	( muttering ) bam yourself ! ( talking ) hey , who are they ?
15	elzar	let 's just say they 're very good customers and i 'm not answering anymore questions .
15	bender	are they the robot mafia ?
15	elzar	yes .
15	donbot	you call this a table ? you call this a table ? i would n't hit a guy over the head with this table .
15	clamps	you hear that ? the donbot do n't like it . i oughta clamp you - you wan na be clamped ?
15	joey	whoa whoa , calm down clamps . the boss , he likes a wall up which his back can be put against . such as like this there .
15	waitress	but that table 's already -
15	bender	uh , let me bus that for you gentlemen . no , what i meant to do was ...
15	woman	oh !
15	man	i ca n't believe this !
15	bender	mind your own business and get out !
15	donbot	huh . i like this guy 's lack of style .
15	clamps	... so i finally get this guy a pair of cement shoes which he likes , 'cause they 're lighter than his lead ones .
15	donbot	hey . you think this computes over here ? where 's all my change ? i gave you a hundred .
15	bender	no you gave me a fifty .
15	donbot	oh no i did n't .
15	bender	yeah you did .
15	clamps	hey , you tryin ' to steal from the donbot ?
15	bender	i 'm tryin ' but he 's not makin ' it easy .
15	donbot	get a load of the ball bearings on this guy , huh . i like you kid . here 's something for your trouble . ( whispering ) it 's money .
15	bender	wow thanks .
15	donbot	hey , you earned that 50 bucks .
15	bender	you gave me a twenty .
15	donbot	i did ? oh i 'm sorry i meant to - hey wait a minute . i got a good feeling about you . say , you wan na work for me as a hired goon ?
15	bender	are you kidding ? i 've always wanted to break into gooning ! ( shouting ) hey elzar , i quit .
15	donbot	we 're gon na try you out with a little delivery job . it 's for a uh , private lottery that we run .
15	bender	wow , you guys run numbers ?!
15	clamps	well , nothing fancy . just ones and zeros mostly .
15	donbot	just take this disk over to the pool hall and give it to sammy " the mechanical bull " gravano . and watch out for the cops .
15	bender	that 's just what my mom used to tell me .
15	bender	that 's some fine oil-ade son . we could use a man like you in the robot mafia which i 'm sorta in .
15	tinny tim	you flatter me kind goon . but i 'm only programmed to sell oil-ade and write in cute backwards letters like on the sign here .
15	bender	aw crap , the cops .
15	smitty	seen any suspicious activity ?
15	url	nope . but check out today 's marmaduke . solid !
15	smitty	hey . it 's that skell from elzar 's .
15	url	undercover pursuit in progress ... baby .
15	smitty	gotcha !
15	bender	what seems to be the problem officers ? was i speeding ?
15	smitty	we 'll decide what you were doing after an illegal search .
15	url	he 's clean . smells nice too .
15	smitty	better than me ?
15	url	aww yeah .
15	tinny tim	courtesy of mr bender .
15	donbot	nice job bender , you passed the test . you wan na joi me , clamps and joey mousepad at out uh , social club tomorrow night ?
15	bender	uh , i 'd rather plan some fellonies .
15	donbot	oh . then we should meet at our mafia crime headquarters .
15	robot	donbot , i beg you , i ca n't make this week 's loan payment . look into your hard drive and open your mercy file .
15	donbot	file not found . let that be a warning to you .
15	robot	thank you donbot .
15	bender	joey , clamps , donny b !
15	donbot	hey listen bender . we got a big score planned but uh , we need some muscle .
15	bender	a little of this huh ?
15	joey	ho ho , this guy 's an ox ! he 's got oxon-like strength ! hey , he needs a nickname right ? let 's call him clamps .
15	clamps	clamps ? that 's my name you numbskull ! do n't make me clamp you one !
15	bender	how ' bout " blotto " ? it 's witty , it 's got street cred . plus i can keep my monogrammed slippers .
15	joey	good thinking ! hey hey ! now , this score ai n't gon na be no cake walk in the tea park alright , there may be some death killing .
15	clamps	it 's gon na be clamp this , clamp that , bada-climp , bada-clamp .
15	donbot	what d'you think blotto ? you in ?
15	bender	it 's funny . until now i always wanted to be a gangster ... so the answer 's yes .
15	clamps	yeah !
15	joey	hey hey ! way to go way to be way to shoot !
15	donbot	now since we 're committing crimes that may be against the law , i suggest you have an alibi .
15	bender	an alibi huh ?
15	fry	but we 're about to take off . we got ta eat our blastoff sundaes .
15	fry	ok you stay in bed . i 'll eat yours .
15	fry	bender 's sick . need any help taking off ?
15	leela	i 'm fine thank you . a real pilot can navigate by feel alone .
15	hermes	that 's coming outta your pay !
15	bender	you know the secret of traditional robot cooking ? start with a good high-quality oil ... then eat it . so whats this big score anyway ?
15	donbot	we 're heisting a shipment of zuban cigars .
15	bender	zubans ? those are the finest cigars in the universe . i can stink up a hole maternity ward with one of those things .
15	joey	yo there 's our pigeon now . let 's shoot bullets out of our guns .
15	donbot	alright , here 's the battleplan : we shoot , they surrender , we go aboard , somebody does some clamping then we heist the cigars and go home .
15	bender	and all without killing anyone . this gang 's got some fresh new ideas . i admire that .
15	joey	oh , we 'll kill 'em alright .
15	clamps	we got 'em heavily out-clamped . they wo n't know what clamped 'em !
15	fry	wow , it 's too bad you ca n't see leela 'cause theres a cool ship out there shooting at somebody .
15	leela	i 'm taking evasive action .
15	fry	uh , leela ?
15	leela	stop bothering me fry , i need full concentration .
15	computer voice	missile evaded .
15	leela	eyesight is for chumps .
15	donbot	their desire to keep living shows me no respect . hey blotto , roll down the window and start shooting .
15	bender	um , uh , um . ( fake hurt ) ooh ow ! he got me ! ow , what a shot that guy is .
15	leela	wait . why do the raised letters that normally say " turnmaster steering company " say " nibbler " ? oh no !
15	leela	i 'm back at the wheel fry . everything 's under control .
15	fry	great , great . the one time i forgot to buy flight insurance .
15	joey	they 're coming straight towards our proximity . maybe you should give 'em the clamps clamps .
15	clamps	gee you think ? you think that maybe i should use these clamps that i use every day at every opportunity ? ( shouting ) you 're a freaking genius you idiot !
15	leela	the engine 's stalled . i 'm trying the manual fuel pump .
15	donbot	hello , we 're the robot mafia . the entire robot mafia . we 're here to steal your cigars .
15	leela	you 'll never get away with this .
15	fry	unless you let us live . then you 'll get off scot free .
15	donbot	joey , clamps , hurry and blindfold them before they see us some more .
15	joey	hey boss , looks like somebody beat us to it .
15	leela	i 'll assume that 's a joke at my expense . well , who 's laughing now ? heyya !
15	donbot	hey where 's blotto ? he should be here learning the trade .
15	bender	sorry i 'm tardy old bean , i was just enjoying a rather tasty watercress sandwich .
15	donbot	hey . he 's more classy than i realised . tie up the prisoners .
15	bender	capital idea old sport . i say , get the hell off me !
15	leela	( whispering ) that guy sounds familiar .
15	bender	my word , what have we - uh , nothing to see here old girl .
15	joey	hey boss , this here crew list lists a robot on this crew here .
15	donbot	alright . i want you to find him and plug him . then unplug him .
15	fry	no !
15	clamps	i got a little surprise in store for that guy . the clamps ! eh ?
15	bender	uh wait , old ... spice . let me have a go at this mechanised chap . i can be quite the rough customer .
15	fry	( whispering ) oh no , poor bender .
15	bender	( fake voice ) ... take that you twit . ( normal voice ) no ! stop it !
15	donbot	that 's the last of 'em . alright now let 's mafia things up a little . joey , burn down the ship . clamps , burn down the crew .
15	bender	uh , hey donny , baby , gimmie a chance here huh ? yous guys skidaddle . let me take care of the doity woik .
15	donbot	hey , i like your attitude . and your latest accent . keep it up and i might just get you your own pair of clamps huh ?
15	clamps	( muttering ) he 's gon na get clamps ? clamps clamps ...... clamps clamps !
15	bender	phew .
15	fry	leela , we may not have much time left ...... so let 's spend all of it reminscing about bender . he was like a big computer than ran on magic .
15	bender	uh , help ! help !
15	leela	bender !
15	fry	you 're ok !
15	bender	yes i am . having just this minute regained consciousness .
15	leela	i 've got an idea . hold still . it 's about to break , yes , yes !
15	leela	( cheering ) alright !
15	bender	yeah it broke alright
15	fry	i 'm telling you , leela was cool , she was in command , and when she kicked people it hurt . it really hurt .
15	leela	well , this is the big moment . it 's finally time to take my patch off .
15	zoidberg	i 'll handle the snipping . afterall i do have the proper equipment .
15	leela	i think it 's blotto . that gangster i saw when my patch fell off . professor ? where were you at 10pm last night ?
15	farnsworth	where am i now ?
15	bender	so they sent a helpless child to kill me ? well i 'm not going out without a fight .
15	tinny tim	fine kick sir . but i 'm actually here to deliver your cut from the cigar heist .
15	bender	oh sweet legal tender ! kid , tell the donbot i 'm quitting organised crime . from now on i 'll stick to regular kind .
15	fry	it 's funny bender . with you sick and leela blind only i know what really went on out there . maybe someday i 'll tell you the whole story .
15	bender	and maybe someday i wo n't listen .
16	calculon	why antonio ?
16	monique	calculon ?! but i thought you were -
16	calculon	egyptian ?!
16	monique	before i kill you , i must ask you one question . who am i ? for i have ... amnesia !
16	calculon	let me get this straight . does anyone here not have amnesia ?
16	monique	not sure .
16	human friend	i ' unno .
16	cubert	this show is awesome ! when i grow up i 'm gon na have so much amnesia !
16	dwight	me too . i mean , i have it now , but i forgot .
16	cubert	well mine 's louder !
16	bender	cram a ham in it you twerps ! sorry !
16	fry	nah , i had it coming .
16	calculon	welcome swingers . pull up a groove and get fabulous !
16	monique	nude rocks bands , big piles of what i assume is talcum powder , it 's quite a birthday party calculon .
16	cubert	cool ! i 'm gon na have a fabulatious birthday party just like calculon !
16	dwight	oh yeah ? well i 'm gon na show up looking good . just like monique .
16	leela	do you two have to imitate everything you see on tv ?
16	cubert	um , we 're 12 , so , yes .
16	dwight	hold up cubert , you 're a clone of the professor . do clones even have birthdays ?
16	cubert	well duh !
16	dwight	" duh " what ?
16	cubert	dad ? do i have a birthday ?
16	farnsworth	hmm , you did n't have a birth so technically , no . oh , do n't feel bad . we can celebrate the day i extracted you from the cloning tank . or the day i scraped that dna from that growth on my back .
16	cubert	ooo , that one !
16	farnsworth	ah yes . it was 13 years ago next week . i used this very fork .
16	hermes	aww well is n't that - ew !
16	dwight	hey , next week 'll be my birthday too .
16	hermes	that 's true . if only there were a way to have one party for both of you here at the office then write it off as a business expense . wait ! i thought of a way ! the way i just said !
16	cubert	yeah !
16	dwight	way to go pops !
16	calculon	oh monique , why did we wait so many years to bathe in champagne ?
16	antonio	father , i 've discovered the shocking secret mother has kept from you for 200 years .
16	monique	no ! no !
16	antonio	brace yourself . for when i speak these words you may well suffer an attack of explosive amnesia . for you see , the horrible secret is -
16	bender	whoever 's directing this is a master of suspense !
16	sal	he 's busteds . lets get hims outta heres .
16	fry	this show 's been going downhill since season three .
16	zoidberg	look who 's here everyone ! it 's zoidberg , the lovable tramp !
16	leela	since when are you performing at children 's parties ?
16	zoidberg	performing ? what ? please , if someone could spare me money to buy shoes -
16	dwight	this party pukes .
16	cubert	yeah ! the guests were supposed to be here three hours ago .
16	farnsworth	well that does n't mean that no one is coming and that you two are total losers . who gave you that idea ?
16	dwight	all right ! they must 've all come as a group .
16	cubert	welcome swingers ! pull up a groove and get fabulous !
16	tinny tim	good day fellows . someone dumped this invitation in my begging cup . happy growth-scraping day to all !
16	hermes	fire 'em all .
16	farnsworth	mm-hm , mm-hm .
16	bender	( gasping ) guys , guys something 's happening on television again .
16	morbo	welcome to entertainment and earth invasion tonite . across the galaxy my people are completing the mighty space fleet that will exterminate the human race ! but first , this news from tinseltown .
16	linda	following antonio calculon jr 's breakdown on set , the popular tv show all my circuits will hold an open casting call for child robots to replace him .
16	bender	an open casting call for child robots ? tinny tim ? are you thinkin ' what i 'm thinkin ' ?
16	tinny tim	what 's that sir ?
16	bender	that i , bender , am perfect for the role !
16	tinny tim	you raised my hopes and dashed them quite expertly sir ! bravo !
16	leela	bender , your swarthy latin charm will only get you so far . there 's a lot of famous child acting units here .
16	fry	look , there 's macaulay culckon .
16	leela	he 's just not cute since he got puberty installed .
16	fry	psst . there 's that robot child actor who grew up an robbed a convenience store !
16	leela	and there 's that robot child actor who grew up and became a convenience store !
16	robberbot	lottery ticket please .
16	casting director	we 're ready for the first audition . ( reading ) emoteitron jr ?
16	mombot	hold on precious , let 's make you look nice for the lady . what 's this ? what did i tell you ? no more hanging wires !
16	casting director	in this scene , you 've just found out your real father is calculon 's fourth evil identical septuplet , sleazy martinez . ok ... take us there !
16	emotitron jr	now that i know the truth father , i must ride south and join the robo-banditos at veracruz .
16	calculon	well , i thought he was good but the audience seems to have turned on him .
16	casting director	but i do n't think -
16	calculon	next !
16	macaulay culkon	... at veracruz , so , if you 'll kindly hand me my poncho -
16	calculon	sorry kid you 're flailing out there . 90 actors and they all got boo-ed . i just wish we could get this bender i keep hearing about . they say he 's the greatest .
16	casting director	well there is a robot named bender here but he 's much too old -
16	calculon	send him in forthwith !
16	bender	( shouting ) boo ! not as good as bender ! boo !
16	casting director	mr bender ?
16	casting director	have you ever been on tv before ?
16	bender	once , when i took those hostages .
16	calculon	i saw that ! you were good . let 's hear you audition .
16	bender	banditos eh ? aw this is great ! 'cause i happen to have a flawless spanish accent ! ( bad spanish accent ) i will say adios padre ! come jesus ye faithful . tonight we eat ... guacamole by the el rio !
16	calculon	that was so terrible i think you gave me cancer ! i do n't care how popular you are , you will never work on my show !
16	calculon	however , you 've got the job . welcome aboard son !
16	bender	fathero !
16	calculon	bender i 'd like you to meet our director ...... who 's name i never learned .
16	bender	yo ! i read the script and i think it would help my character 's motivation if he was on fire .
16	director	uh , do n't worry ' bout the script baby , we re-wrote your part to better suit your acting abilities .
16	bender	so now my character has a british accent ?
16	director	no , now your character 's in a coma . get in bed and do n't move . and ... action !
16	bender	( muttering ) stupid dumb coma ... coulda been british .
16	calculon	alas that mine only son should sink into an irreversible , permanent ... coma .
16	bender	( quietly ) permanent ? that 's completely out of character for antonio . i 'm gettin ' up .
16	calculon	curse the tragic wildebeast accident that -
16	bender	hey everyone ! antonio here but you can call me " bender " ! i got ants in my butt and i needs to strut . c'mon baby ! c'mon !
16	calculon	i 'm not familiar with the type of thing i 'm seeing .
16	bender	bite my shiny metal ass ! ooo yeah ! c'mon baby , do that , oo yeah !
16	director	( shouting ) cut ! that 's the worst coma acting i 've ever seen . i 'll have to shoot it again .
16	calculon	no ! no , no , no i do n't do two takes .
16	director	but this guy was -
16	calculon	amateurs like you do two takes , i do one take . print it , i 'll be in my three storey trailer .
16	bender	bite my shiny metal ass ! ooo yeah ! c'mon baby , c'mon yeah !
16	bender	now that 's hospital dancing . pretty good eh calcky ?
16	calculon	good ? i 've seen better acting from extras in godzilla movies . i do n't even remember shooting this scene .
16	director	we did n't . that 's security camera footage from your dressing room .
16	calculon	he stole the scene and my money ? that 's it ! i demand you fire this felonious ham !
16	director	the network execubots are coming !
16	calculon	dear god !
16	betabot	presenting the president of the network .
16	network president	greetings gentlemen , you already know my execubots . executive alpha , programmed to like things that are seen before .
16	alphabot	hey hey hey .
16	network president	executive beta , programmed to roll dice to determine the fall schedule .
16	betabot	more reality shows .
16	network president	and executive gamma , programmed to underestimate middle america .
16	gammabot	it 's funny but is it going to get them off their tractors ?
16	network president	now , who put this obnoxious dancing robot on my network ?
16	director	we were about to fire him sir .
16	network president	silence hack ! we 've been monitoring our nielsen families carefully and during the 12 seconds bender was on screen , viewer eyeball focus was up 90 % .
16	calculon	sir , children watch this show . bender 's no role model , he 's a filth monger !
16	network president	at our network , we love filth ! filthy rich that is ! being filthy rich that is ! " bite my shiny metal ass " could be a catchphrase .
16	alphabot	80 % likely .
16	gammabot	it will play in peoria .
16	betabot	gameshows are back .
16	network president	we need this edgy , sweeps-ready robot on our network . bender ? can you continue to drink , smoke and steal things on
16	bender	yes i can .
16	dwight	yo , check out what i jacked from my dad .
16	cubert	a cigar !
16	tinny tim	ripping !
16	dwight	look ! i 'm bender !
16	hermes	ras h. tafari . what 's goin ' on here ?
16	farnsworth	the ruffians smoked one of your cigars .
16	hermes	that 's not a cigar . uh ... and it 's not mine !
16	cubert	hey dad , bite my shiny metal ass !
16	farnsworth	what ? such an act would be most uncomfortable for both of us ! where did you learn such language ?
16	tinny tim	from bender my good jerkwad .
16	hermes	bender eh ? that guy 's really startin ' to twist my dreads .
16	bender	ok ok ok , get ready for this part .
16	zoidberg	quiet robot , bender 's on tv .
16	monique	oh calculon , it 's so good to get away from the city and that beastly , yet intriguing , bender .
16	bender	try this kids at home !
16	linda	is television sensation bender a bad role model for earth children ?
16	bender	that 's crazy .
16	linda	a new protest group , fathers against rude television , says " hell yes ! "
16	fry	pft . what kind of bozos would start a bender protest group ?
16	farnsworth	good news everyone . hermes and i have started a bender protest group .
16	zoidberg	that was uncanny .
16	hermes	fathers against rude television do n't want our kids watching bender 's high definition filth .
16	farnsworth	and for what ? some kind of cheap laugh ? that 's not what f-a-r-t is all about .
16	hermes	no sir , not us farters .
16	bender	whoa , whoa , whoa . you ca n't censor me just 'cause i 'm an obscenely bad role model .
16	leela	as unclean as it makes me feel , i agree with bender . kids do n't turn rotten just from watching tv .
16	fry	yeah . give a little credit to our public schools .
16	cubert	our dads are all pumped up on dorkosterum . we 're just trying to be cool like bender .
16	dwight	yeah , and it 's not even working . smoking and drinking make us barf .
16	tinny tim	gentle jerkwads . i know how to emulate bender without barfing . we could commit a burglary .
16	dwight	hey , yeah !
16	cubert	bender loves to burgle !
16	dwight	hold up though . who could we rob ? we do n't even know anyone with cool stuff .
16	cubert	duh ! we know someone who runs on pure cool fuel . bender !
16	dwight	whoa !
16	tinny tim	we 'll rob bender !
16	dwight	tv gave us the idea .
16	cubert	ok . it 's crime time .
16	fry	hey bender . hey bender . hey bender . hey bender .
16	farnsworth	what 's going on in here ? oh . now i 'm really outraged .
16	hermes	where did you requisition this party ? and zoidberg , what are you doing here ?
16	zoidberg	i 'm networking . let me give you my card .
16	cubert	relax dad , we just invited a few friends over .
16	farnsworth	hmm . there 's something wrong with your story but i ca n't put my finger on it . of course ! you do n't have friends !
16	hermes	yeah . why do these popular kids consider you cool all of a sudden ?
16	dwight	uh ... we 're just cool is all !
16	farnsworth	balderdash ! i 'll be the judge of who 's cool , using the cool-o-meter !
16	cool-o-meter	oh yeah !
16	farnsworth	good lord , i 'm getting a reading of over 40 mega-fonzies !
16	hermes	everybody out !
16	zoidberg	so do you guys know about anything else going on , because i 'm totally still ready to party .
16	hermes	there 's enough cool stuff here to furnish a happenin ' pad . where did it all come from ?
16	tinny tim	do n't tell comrades . all for one and one for all !
16	dwight	we stole it !
16	tinny tim	oh crumb !
16	bender	what ? what 's going on ?
16	farnsworth	i 'll tell you what . our boys have taken up stealing ! one of the worst and coolest of crimes .
16	hermes	and all from watching you on tv you cool jerk .
16	bender	hey lay off me . tv would stink if everyone on it was a positive role model . bender is about entertainment baby ! you ca n't hold me responsible for what kids do when - hey ! this is my stuff they stole ! that 's the last straw ! bender should not be allowed on television !
16	bender	bender must be stopped . i 've gone too far . who does that guy think i am ? c'mon ! we 're gon na march all the way to hollywood and make them stop forcing their filthy me down our throats .
16	fart mob	( chanting ) down with bender ! down with bender ! down with bender ! down with bender !
16	bender	this mob 's with me .
16	security guard	go ahead .
16	fart mob	( chanting ) down with bender ! down with bender ! down with bender ! down with - - bender ! down with bender !
16	calculon	as a doctor and captain of this hospital shift , i now pronounce you man and wife with six months to live .
16	farnsworth	listen up hollywood . we 're an exciting new mob .
16	bender	yeah !
16	hermes	you 'd better believe it !
16	calculon	great shatner 's ghost !
16	bender	we demand that all tvs be equipped with a v-chip that blocks bender from appearing on the screen .
16	farnsworth	booya !
16	network president	i 'm afraid the answer is a gritty in-your-face no .
16	bender	then i quit .
16	network president	then you do n't quit . i think you 'll be finishing the scene now mr bender and do n't skimp on the nasty .
16	farnsworth	there 'll be no further nasty . we still have the option of resorting to violence .
16	hermes	what makes you think that 'll work ?
16	farnsworth	i saw it on tv in that episode where bender shot calculon ! how cool is that ?
16	bender	ooo yeah baby c'mon -
16	farnsworth	quit the show !
16	network president	do the scene .
16	farnsworth	i 'm a cold blooded punk !
16	network president	i once put a laugh track on a sitcom that had no jokes in it .
16	bender	hey look , the prop guy has a lamp !
16	network president	really ?
16	farnsworth	wha ?
16	bender	aha !
16	farnsworth	i was using that !
16	bender	listen up , 'cause i 've got a climactic speech ! you , cameraman , keep the camera rolling . you , director , gimmie my motivation .
16	director	you 're angry .
16	bender	perfect . viewers of the world , do smoking and drinking on tv really make me cool ? of course they do . how ' bout committing crimes and violence ? again , the answer is " yes . " but do we really want our kids exposed to that kind of trash on tv ? i say absolutely not ! uh ... on the other hand , most - perhaps all the blame rests with the parents . that 's right you ! and so i ask you this one question : have you ever tried simply turning off the tv , sitting down with your children , and hitting them ?
16	hermes	( ashamed ) we 're just so busy .
16	bender	well make time .
16	director	and ... cut !
16	calculon	good enough . splice in some reaction shots of me and shove it on the air .
16	bender	... have you ever tried simply turning off the tv , sitting down with your children , and hitting them ?
16	hermes	well , i 'd say we all learned a valuable lesson about tv there .
16	cubert	what was it ?
16	farnsworth	uh ... that we should all take tv a little less seriously . and more importantly , turn it off once in a while .
16	fry	hear hear !
16	leela	yeah !
16	bender	damn right !
16	dwight	so , should we turn it off now ?
16	farnsworth	well , uh , that depends what 's on .
16	fry	nothing good .
16	farnsworth	ah let 's just keep watching .
16	bender	( singing ) tv party tonight !
16	farnsworth	wha ?
16	bender	( singing ) tv party tonight !
16	farnsworth	oh !
16	fry	( singing ) we 've got nothing better to do ...
16	leela	( singing ) ... than watch tv and have a couple of brews !
16	zoidberg	( singing ) do n't wan na talk about anything else ...
16	fry	( singing ) we do n't wan na know !
16	farnsworth	( singing ) we 're dedicated , yes !
16	hermes	( singing ) ... to our favourite shows !
16	cubert	all my circuits
16	dwight	everybody loves hypno-toad !
16	amy	scary door !
16	leela	blernsmen at blernsball !
17	fry	so who should i root for ? america or one of those countries i learned about at the food court ?
17	amy	how ' bout those guys ?
17	leela	no , they 're from the republic of french stereotypes . everybody hates them .
17	farnsworth	oh , let 's go check on hermes . all this inspiring multi-culturalism is angrying up my blood . sweden ? i do n't think so !
17	hermes	go on stick , touch me ! ca n't do it !
17	labarbara	husband , you have n't been an olympic class limboer for 20 years ! quit lying to your podgy self .
17	leela	it does seem like jamaica will be able to field a strong limbo team without you .
17	amy	yeah , is n't that basically all jamaicans do ?
17	hermes	jamaicans have other interests . which is why the limbo team got detained at the airport .
17	labarbara	that 's when they begged my husband to step in and make an ass out of himself .
17	hermes	and i said i 'd try my very best .
17	fry	but have they seen your ... y' know ... physique , since the old days ?
17	hermes	i described it to them on the phone , using a series of artful euphanisms .
17	farnsworth	do n't worry , the fat pig will do fine thanks to this flabbo-dynamic spandex bodysuit i 've designed . it redistributes his weight , shifting his centre of gravity closer to his knees .
17	hermes	ooo , that 's snug ! oh , those have n't descended in years .
17	farnsworth	now that 's a limboer 's body !
17	labarbara	you 're that fine jamaican bacon !
17	bender	shut up zoidberg , the robot bending events are starting ! something tells me i could easily beat those trained professionals .
17	bender	wow , that guy must have to be like the world 's greatest bender . my dreams of glory died before they began .
17	zoidberg	welcome to my life !
17	barbados slim	hermes conrad . is that you inside that dumpy little fat man ?
17	hermes	barbados slim ! what are you doing here ? last time i heard you were in barbados .
17	barbados slim	yes and i 'll be going back there with a gold medal draped around my elegant carribean shoulders .
17	hermes	your body may be as perfectly scultpted as it was 20 years ago when you whupped my fat ass every time we met ...... but today , i feel lucky .
17	barbados slim	i see you 're still able to limbo under the bar of fashion sense !
17	hermes	that 's it barbados slim , you 've gone one talk over the line !
17	starter	limboers , on your marks , get rubbery ...... limbo !
17	commentator	( voice-over ) there they go , and barbados slim takes an early lead . god i hope he wins . what 's this ? hermes conrad is closing the gap . he 's limboed out of retirement and straight into my heart . i say go to hell barbados slim !
17	farnsworth	( shouting ) go bodysuit , go !
17	zoidberg	( shouting ) go !
17	bender	( shouting ) c'mon !
17	labarbara	( shouting ) c'mon hermes , beat that mahogany god !
17	commentator	( voice-over ) it 's barbados , then conrad . conrad pulls ahead ! and conrad is disqualified ! barbados slim , my hero , takes the gold !
17	labarbara	aww , there there hermes . you did your best ! if i 'd wanted a human adonis for a husband , i 'd have stayed married to barbados slim .
17	bender	well enough about hermes , i could n't win a medal either . even at bending - the thing i was built to do . i 'm so embarassed . i wish everybody else was dead .
17	female announcer	up next , the fembot bending competition .
17	bender	fembots ? methinks a clever manbot suitably disguised might win those events ! but the charade would require subtlety , nuance , grace .
17	bender	what do you mean i 'm not registered ? my name is coilette and i 'm from , uh ... robonia ! coilette 's a chick 's name !
17	official	yes but " robonia " sounds like something somebody made up on the spot .
17	bender	ever been beaten up by a guy dressed like a chick ?
17	male announcer	and it 's straight ! coilette wins !
17	male announcer	another gold medal for the spunky maid from robonia .
17	male announcer	a perfect bend and a flawless entry . no splash at all ! perfect scores , a record five gold medals for coilette !
17	bender	i 'm great ! everybody else sucks , except that guy bender , he 's really somethin' !
17	leela	you actually thought they 'd let you walk away without an engine oil sex check ?
17	bender	( crying ) oh god , i 'm not gon na get my medals ! they 're all i have to remember my olympic career . wait , i 've got it ! professor , make a woman out of me !
17	farnsworth	oh i think we should just stay friends .
17	bender	i do n't need friends , i need a sex change operation and give it to me now !
17	farnsworth	bender a robot sex change is a complex and dangerous procedure . replacing your testosteroil with fembot lubricants can cause wild mood swings . and the effects may be irreversible . well let 's get started !
17	leela	no , you ca n't !
17	amy	if you have even the slightest respect for the dignity of women -
17	bender	pfft .
17	farnsworth	i 'm sorry ladies but i must do this . not for you , not for bender , but for the proud people of robonia !
17	bender	( whispering ) c'mon !
17	fry	i ca n't watch this 'cause it 's creepy and wrong and sick . however i will watch out of curiosity .
17	farnsworth	( shouting ) quiet ! ( talking ) i 'm about to begin the process of reshaping bender 's body into a tender delicate form .
17	farnsworth	( dramatically ) draining male oil . infusing female oil . removing item .
17	robot	we ca n't wait for coilette any longer dammit . i have to get home to watch the zombie osbournes .
17	coilette	i 'm ready for my test now boys .
17	coilette	( singing ) hail , hail robonia , a land i did n't make up !
17	coilette	ooo yeah c'mon baby boom !
17	coilette	oh yeah baby c'mon ! work your can ! that 's it shake it out !
17	leela	i do n't know which i 'm more , enraged or disgusted !
17	coilette	i 'm just out there making us ladies look good .
17	amy	snuh-uh ! you 're making us look like jerks in front of the other genders .
17	fry	but you 're not really a lady anyway . right ?
17	coilette	of course not .
17	farnsworth	dear lord , a coaster ! the femzoil must be sacheting girlishly into your processor .
17	coilette	then change me back . my breasts are keeping me awake at night anyway . hello ... ? what ... ? a guest spot on late night with humorbot 5.0 ... ? i 'd love to ! my own limo ... ? no i do n't have my own limo . you 'd better send one . i need a raincheck on that nad-swap professor . i 'm going on tv . c'mon fry help me pick out a pantsuit !
17	humorbot 5.0	so calculon , do you want to set up this clip from all my circuits ?
17	calculon	no i think it 's self-explanatory .
17	calculon	funny story , the script called for me to say " yes " but i gave it a little twist .
17	humoubot 5.0	anecdote accepted . snappy comeback not found . please put your hands together for my next guest . winner of five olympic medals - coilette from robonia . so coilette , many young fembot 's wish to emulate you . any advice for them ?
17	coilette	yes humorbot . if you ask me , women today are too stuck up to go out and jiggle their jello like everybody wants them to . in fact , should i do it now ? alright then ! woo ! look out baby ! work it out ! oo shake that thing ! you got ta use it lady ! shake it up a little ! look at that ! c'mon ! work it out !
17	calculon	madam , i am one impressed celebrity .
17	coilette	oh i bet you say that to all the five olympic gold medal winning fembots !
17	calculon	( sexfully ) from this day forward i shall do so whenever possible .
17	coilette	golly ... what ?
17	calculon	coilette this may be presumtuous ... .
17	coilette	that 's my favourite kind of this !
17	calculon	... but i would be honoured if you would join me for dinner sometime .
17	coilette	calculon . you 'd be fulfilling this naive robonian farmgirl 's fantasy !
17	calculon	of course i would .
17	coilette	this top makes me look fat . is it trampy to go on a first date nude ?
17	amy	yes .
17	coilette	perfect .
17	fry	you got ta tell me . you 're not actually attracted to calculon right ? and if you are do n't tell me . are you ?
17	coilette	certainly not . but just once i 'd like to eat dinner with a celebrity who is n't bound and gagged . is that so much to ask ?
17	leela	well i think you dating a manbot is a disgrace . and i refuse to be involved . and you have way too much lipstick on .
17	coilette	are you kidding ? i need more lipstick ! much more ! ooo yeah that 's the stuff ! men love it when you really glob it on !
17	leela	no they do n't .
17	amy	no way !
17	coilette	oh please . every man wants a tramp ! no wonder you girls are n't married ! i tell you , men are so much better at being women .
17	fry	but what if he wants to , i mean if he tries to ... uh ... barry white ?
17	coilette	i 'll just tell him i needed commitment first . that 'll stick a potato in his tailpipe !
17	hermes	good lord man what kind of temporary woman are you ?
17	coilette	look , why do n't all of you just back off ? ca n't a girl enjoy herself without being judged ?
17	farnsworth	oh dear . her mood swings are getting wilder . she 's becoming a slave to her emotions . just like all women , particularly you leela .
17	leela	i 'm worried about him too professor .
17	elzar	hey ma'am , you sure can put it away ! you saved me a trip to the dump ! bam !
17	calculon	i 'd appreciate it if you did n't bam the young lady .
17	elzar	well , i 'd appreciate it if i did , so i guess we 're even .
17	calculon	you know coilette , i 've never before met a woman as fascinating as i am . you 're such a sweet , soft fembot . and you have this free spirit about you . and there it is . it 's as if you understand the male mind better than i ! i 've never met anyone like you .
17	coilette	oh yes you have .
17	calculon	coilette . i 'd like to spend some ( whispering ) quality time with you .
17	coilette	what ? ahh ! whoa , no way ! not gon na happen . what kind of girl do you think i am ?
17	calculon	have i mentioned that i own the world 's biggest and most elegant yacht ?
17	coilette	woo ! i 'm a trophy girlfriend !
17	amy	no kidding . these gifts have been coming non-stop ! i think calculon 's falling for you .
17	coilette	bah . any day now he 'll dump me for a new wad of arm candy . and then i can turn back into a guy and hock all this stuff ! it 's just a game .
17	calculon	coilette , i ca n't stop thinking about you . i ca n't sleep at night - although as a robot i do n't do that anyway . but if i did i could n't because i love you so . oh my darling ...... will you marry me ?
17	coilette	oh calculon , yes i will !
17	amy	( whispering ) maybe she 's right about the lipstick .
17	fry	i 'll miss you buddy . you 've been like a brother and then a sister to me . and now you 're getting married . i love you .
17	coilette	the marriage is a scam .
17	fry	cool . what 's for dinner ?
17	leela	what do you mean a scam ?
17	coilette	i marry calculon , divorce him , take half his money and turn back into a guy . it 's sort of a two-person pyramid scheme .
17	fry	that 's marriage alright !
17	leela	that is so unbelievably manipulative .
17	coilette	come on , you never went on a date with a guy just 'cause you were hungry ?
17	leela	well i. . . uh ... i thought i might like him on a full stomach .
17	coilette	nice try sister . now if you 'll excuse me , i need to meet with my wedding planner . ( shouting ) zoidberg . ( talking ) zoidypoo , please tell me frilly is in this year .
17	zoidberg	i saw a frilly cake in here you would remember all your life . i know i will . late at night it haunts me with it 's frosted beauty . ( shouting ) order the cake dammit !
17	calculon	i have something for you .
17	coilette	a remote control ? you got me a tv ?
17	calculon	no my dearest , it 's the remote control to my heart ! it symbolises the power you have to sway my emotions .
17	coilette	will it work on my tv ?
17	calculon	we do n't need tvs , we have each other ! coilette if i were n't able to spend my life with you i would leap from this very balloon .
17	coilette	come on now - really ?
17	calculon	yes ! we were meant ( dramatically ) to be !
17	coilette	so ... you really and truly love me ?
17	calculon	so much so that i 'm prepared to give up showbusiness itself to be with you !
17	coilette	but , you always said you 'd rather burn down a convent than give up showbusiness .
17	calculon	i always said many things . but now all i want is a peaceful life and a quiet villa overlooking a vineyard .... with you .
17	coilette	( crying ) would we have donkeys ?
17	calculon	all you can eat !
17	coilette	( crying ) oh take me in your arms and compress me . compress me tight !
17	calculon	stop ! let us climb to the heavens that the gods themselves might embrace !
17	coilette	( crying ) i just do n't think i can go through with this scam .
17	amy	what ?
17	fry	so now you do wan na marry him ?
17	coilette	( crying ) no , i just do n't wan na hurt him , or humiliate him . oh , curse this woman 's heart !
17	fry	eck !
17	farnsworth	you 're falling into the final debilitating stages of womanhood . you 've waited too long to switch back you dingbat !
17	leela	ok look . if i help you with this do you promise to get out of my gender and stay out ?
17	coilette	( crying ) uh-huh .
17	leela	alright . now there 's no way to stop this marriage without hurting calculon . but he 's an actor . if there 's one kind of pain he can handle , it 's soap opera pain .
17	leela	( whispering ) ok , is everyone ready ?
17	fry	yep .
17	amy	uh-huh .
17	hermes	check !
17	zoidberg	impassively .
17	preacherbot	dearly beloved actors and casting people who may be looking for somebody to play a preacher , i welcome you ! the bride has written some vows that we will now all pretend to be interested in .
17	coilette	dearest calculon . forever is not enough time to tell you of the many ways i love you .
17	hedonismbot	oh my !
17	calculon	is there a doctor in the -
17	zoidberg	i came as soon as i could . it appears to be a case of african hydraulic fever !
17	calculon	dear god ! the very illness my tv character caught in season two , when i was holding out for more money ! it 's often fatal .
17	coilette	whatever happens , remember , the flame of my eternal love will burn forever .
17	calculon	of course . but smoochiepups , i thought one could only catch hydraulic fever deep in the diamond mines of the congo .
17	leela	coilette ! you she-devil ! you really thought you could steal those diamonds from me and congo jack ?
17	coilette	those gems belong to the natives !
17	calculon	oh how cruel and melodramatic fate is . ( dramatically shouting ) whhhy ?
17	coilette	calculon , my darling , your loud " why " brought me partway back to life . congo jack !
17	calculon	another shocking twist !
17	fry	yes . and i have a message for you from colonel mitumba ! he says this ...... is from congo jack .
17	coilette	uh , um ...
17	calculon	no ! nooo ! ( dramamtically shouting ) n-o-o-o !
17	coilette	i wo n't leave you . not until i 'm sure you understand the thing i said before . about my eternal love for you burning ...... et cetera .
17	calculon	( crying ) i do . i do .
17	coilette	ok then .
17	zoidberg	i 'm a doctor , she 's dead .
17	calculon	she lives no more . but let us all find comfort knowing that she truly loved me . to honour my pain , i shall star in a film dedicated to her memory . and this time the academy will not deny me . not when they see coilette : a calculon story .
17	calculon	coilette . your death fills me wih sorrow , ( angry ) anger , ( fearful ) fear , ( normal ) every emotion an actor can display .
17	farnsworth	turn off that crap-o-rama ! one mistake now and bender will be trapped forever between the already ill-defined robot sexes .
17	coilette	ow , oo , ow .
17	fry	well bender , i hope this has taught you a lesson about changing your sex to win five gold medals .
17	coilette	it truly has . my romance with calculon has shown me a lot about myself .
17	farnsworth	almost done .
17	coilette	if only somehow , someway he and i could ...
17	bender	... drive to vegas , pick up some flooziebots and void their warranties all night long !
17	fry	yay my buddy 's home ! and his respect for women is back to normal .
17	leela	i kind of hope this whole experience would have left you a little more open to your sensitive side .
17	bender	yeah you 'd think but what you gon na do ?
17	calculon	coilette , the skies themselves weep upon the sweetest flower of all the field .
17	leela	aww !
17	amy	aww !
17	fry	eww !
17	zoidberg	gross .
17	farnsworth	sentimental drivel-poop .
17	fry	c'mon bender let 's go . this chick flick is getting me all barfy .
17	bender	yeah . emotions are dumb and should be hated .
17	calculon	goodnight coilette , my turtledove .
17	bender	goodnight calculon .
17	leela	what did you say ?
17	bender	i said you two do n't dress trampy enough . i still got it !
18	bender	( singing ) froggy went a-courtin ' and he did ride , uh-huh , uh-huh
18	fry	oh my god ! they dug up a bag of olestra chips from my time ! there must be layers and layers of old stuff down there .
18	bender	what 's that ? one of those led zeppelins i 've heard so much about ?
18	fry	no , it 's an old volkswagen van . ( shouting ) hey , mister ? mind if i take this old van ?
18	sal	( shouting ) sure . you wan na dump the corpses out of theres , it 's yourses .
18	fry	yeah yeah , i 've gotten used cars before .
18	leela	what 's that ? one of those jefferson starships i 've heard so much about ?
18	fry	it 's called a van , and in light of the fact that it 's not a-rockin ' , i invite you to come a-knockin ' !
18	amy	wow , neat .
18	hermes	it 's a triumph of free-spirited german engineering .
18	amy	hey , the speedometer only goes up to 80 . this thing ca n't go faster than 80,000 miles an hour ?
18	fry	no , it ca n't , but it 's got a driver 's - side floor and an 8-track player with genuine mono sound .
18	farnsworth	where 's the device that lets you speed or slow the passage of time ?
18	fry	under the seat .
18	leela	why wo n't it start ?
18	fry	it just needs some gas .
18	farnsworth	wrong again , idiot . there is no gas . petroleum reserves ran dry in 2038 .
18	leela	gas was an environmental disaster , anyway . now we use alternative fuels .
18	fry	like what ?
18	leela	whale oil . bender , lift it up to the can opener .
18	bender	oh , no , i 'm not going near it . last time , that magnetic psycho nearly cut my head off .
18	fry	oh , right . plus , the magnet screws up your inhibition unit and makes you sing folk songs .
18	bender	what ? who said anything about me secretly wanting to be a folk singer ? how ridiculous .
18	fry	bender , if you do n't open that can right now , your fear will own you , and nothing that can opener could ever do could be worse than that .
18	bender	ok , ok , i can do this . it 's time to take life by the cans .
18	leela	come on .
18	hermes	you can do it .
18	amy	bender !
18	farnsworth	go on , you dummy .
18	bender	( singing ) jimmy cracked corn and i do n't care
18	fry	oh , no !
18	bender	( singing ) 'cause the master 's gone away .
18	zoidberg	it 's toe-tapping-ly tragic .
18	bender	doc , i ca n't move my arms and legs . what 's wrong with me ?
18	doctor	this is the worst part of the job .
18	bender	what is it , good news ?
18	doctor	bender , your hydraulics are shot . you 'll never move again .
18	bender	you mean - ?
18	doctor	i 'm sorry , you 'll have to get a new one .
18	fry	oh , no , this is terrible .
18	zoidberg	poor bender .
18	farnsworth	well , let 's drag him to the kerb .
18	fry	wait a minute , bender is my best friend . we ca n't just dump him in the gutter like grandma 's ashes .
18	bender	( crying ) oh , my life is over . i 'll never know happiness again .
18	robot	ho ho , hello there !
18	leela	look , bender . it 's patch cord adams . he heals with the power of laughter .
18	patch cord adams	c'mon , take it . what 's the matter , ca n't move your arms ?
18	bender	obviously not , or i 'd be strangling you right now .
18	patch cord adams	hey , here 's a giggle ! did you hear why they 're using windows 3000 as a prison guard ?
18	fry	no , why ?
18	patch cord adams	'cause it always locks up .
18	bender	for the love of god , somebody kick his ass !
18	patch cord adams	well , so long . get well soon . oh , well , so long anyway .
18	bender	oh , i 'm doomed . everybody leave me alone . i do n't wan na be seen this way .
18	fry	aw , you look so sad . you want me to send patch cord adams back in ?
18	bender	hey , the blues . the tragic sound of other people suffering . that 's kind of a pick-me-up . wow , that was great .
18	beck	hey , thanks . you a fan ?
18	bender	i dunno . let me see . oh my god , you 're beck ! i 'd get up to shake your hand and steal your wallet but my crappy body crapped out on me .
18	beck	do n't take it so hard . i used to miss my body too but then i fished this manequin out of the 92c store dumpster .
18	bender	wow . we 've sure got a lot in common , beck . i always dreamed of being a musician-poet who transcends genres even as he re-invents them , just like you .
18	beck	so do it , robot . it 's easier than it looks .
18	bender	eh , thanks , but it 's hopeless . i 'll never be a musician now .
18	beck	or maybe you 'll be the best musician ever .
18	bender	what 's this for ?
18	beck	try and scrape it across your chest like a knife on burnt toast . come on , move those arms . use the power of mental thinking . make it dynamic . yeah-ee ! alright , congratulations my friend .
18	bender	why ? 'cause i can make annoying noises ?
18	beck	exactly . i use those all the time in my music . bender , i want you to become my new washboard player .
18	bender	alright ! go bender ! go bender ! go bender !
18	bender	well , that 's my good friend , beck . i 'm of to rock a series of mid-level venues .
18	hermes	kudos , bender . you got mangled and now you 're a singer . both our dreams came true .
18	fry	hey , i have an idea . who wants to cram in my van and follow bender on tour and live there , in the van ?
18	zoidberg	oh , i do n't know , fry . i think i 'm too poor to follow a band around in a van .
18	beck	( shouting ) come on , move it ! we got ta get to the concert and make the audience wait for it at the start .
18	zoidberg	bad news , friends . my shell ran .
18	amy	zoidberg , you idiot , my outfit . it 's , it 's -
18	leela	kinda cool .
18	fry	yeah , i like it .
18	amy	me too , now that i 'm used to it .
18	zoidberg	then it was all on purpose . you 're lucky to have zoidberg as a friend . but cross me , and i 'll turn on you like that .
18	beck	( singing ) there 's a destination a little up the road
18	all	( singing ) where it 's at !
18	bender	( electric voice ) got a washboard stomach and a microphone .
18	beck	that was a washboard break .
18	fry	oh yeah !
18	amy	yeah ! one bowl of jell-o knuckles , please .
18	barman	that 'll be three pick-e-tures of george washington .
18	amy	oh no , my beautiful money .
18	leela	it got ruined in the wash .
18	fry	mine too , even my change .
18	barman	get lost you money-less hippies !
18	beck	bender , that was the best 40-minute washboard solo i 've ever heard . and the parts when i was awake blew my mind .
18	bender	whoa , check out all those broken robots . howdy , fellas !
18	robot #1	i do n't believe my broken eyes , it 's bender , the washboard player ! hey man , we caught your concert from here .
18	robot #2	you rock !
18	fembot	oh , oh , bender ! sign my chest !
18	robot #3	yo , brother , thanks for showing us broken robots are still useful .
18	bender	aw , hang in there , folks . i 'll bet before you know it , you guys 'll be - that is so wrong . they ca n't just melt down broken robots . not right when they 're kissing my ass .
18	beck	whoa , dog . just cold chill . you know , when i 'm upset , i write a song about it . like when i wrote devil 's haircut , i was feeling really ... what 's that song about ?
18	bender	hey , yeah , i could write a song ! with real words , not phony ones like " odelay " .
18	beck	" odelay " is a word . just look it up in the becktionary .
18	bender	ooh !
18	bender	i 'm working on my song . hand me the becktionary . no , no , the rhyming becktionary .
18	beck	i wish i could help raise awareness about broken robots . but what can i do ? i only weigh eight pounds .
18	bender	wait a minute , you know lots of rock stars , and most of them like to look as though they care about things !
18	beck	we can all get together for a big benefit concert in san francisco !
18	bender	and we could call it " bend-aid " , after me , bender !
18	beck	and you can sing that song you 're writing !
18	bender	and i 'll let you sing backup ! but remember who the star is . me : bender .
18	bender	alright . " hands in the air " rhymes with " just do n't care " and ... finished ! eck ! smells like something died in the wall !
18	fry	surprise !
18	leela	mind if we crash here tonight ? the colours in the van are keeping us awake .
18	bender	alright , but hands off the minibar .
18	fry	wow , i forgot about tv . living free on the road , you realise how much better life is without it . well , let 's see what 's on .
18	announcer #1	( voice-over ; on tv ) tuesday , golden gate park , the monsters of vaguely folkish alterna-rock will strum your brains out at bend-aid ! featuring beck , wailing fungus and special guest , bender !
18	announcer #2	( voice-over ; on tv ) a portion of the proceeds might go to help broken robots .
18	fry	yeah !
18	zoidberg	hooray , robot !
18	amy	bender , you 're famous !
18	bender	yeah .
18	leela	this coming together of superstars really means a lot to you , does n't it , bender ?
18	bender	( crying ) uh-huh . helping my defective brothers is the first thing i 've ever cared about , even the slightest bit . you know , when i first got broken , i thought my life was over . but look at me now . i 've got fame , money , groupies , and it 's all thanks to being completely immobolised . that 's why i 'll be proud to go up on stage , tomorrow , and say , " look at me , world , i am a broken robot ! " .
18	fry	bender , you can move ! you 're cured !
18	bender	oh crap , it 's a miracle .
18	bender	i can move again . ( crying ) my music career is over .
18	fry	bender , i do n't claim to understand " the biz " but would n't being able to move help your music career ?
18	bender	( crying ) no , do n't you see ? i was a hero to broken robots 'cause i was one of them . but how can i sing about being damaged if i 'm not ? that 's like christina aguilera singing in spanish . wait , that 's it . i 'll fake it !
18	amy	you 'd better not do that at the concert .
18	zoidberg	i ca n't stop . when i eat too much dirt , i get stuff in my throat .
18	amy	you are so disgusting , i -
18	leela	they 're beautiful .
18	zoidberg	eww , you 're touching them .
18	amy	i 've never seen pearls like this . dr. zoidberg , you 're amazing .
18	zoidberg	i am ? at last ! recognition !
18	emcee	gentle-hippies , put your filthy hands together for the folk stylings of cylon and garfunkel !
18	garfunkel	here 's a song that was beautiful when it was performed by my ancestor , art .
18	cylon and garfunkel	( singing ) parsley , sage , rosemary and thyme .
18	garfunkel	( singing ) remember me to one who loves there ,
18	cylon and garfunkel	( singing ) she once was a true love of mine .
18	leela	we 're home .
18	amy	well , let 's earn some bread .
18	fry	brothers and sisters , get your love beads . ca n't journey to the centre of your mind without love beads !
18	hippie #1	wow , look at these colours . these 'll go great with my soul .
18	zoidberg	glad you like them . i 've been making fine jewellery for years , apparently .
18	hippie #2	i 'll take three .
18	hippie #3	give me one , man !
18	hippie #4	i 'll trade you a bad poem !
18	emcee	and now , stand up and turn on your hidden tape recorders for ... beck ! with special guest , bender the broken robot .
18	fry	( shouting ) bender rules !
18	hippie #5	groove on , man !
18	leela	rock it , bender !
18	zoidberg	play that thing !
18	beck	( shouting ) ca n't you hear those cavalry drums
18	bender	whoa-oh , yeah !
18	beck	( shouting ) ... midnight hags in the mausoleum ...
18	beck	thank you . that song does n't usually last three hours , but we got into a serious thing ... and then i forgot how it ended . anyway , one last item of business before we go .
18	garfunkel	bender , to start your foundation for broken robots , here 's a big cardboard cheque for $ 14,000 .
18	cylon	it 's been an emotional day for me .
18	bender	( crying ) i do n't know what to say .
18	beck	then maybe you should sing it . lay it down boys .
18	bender	ladies , gentlemen , smoking heaps of machinery ...... this is a song called my broken friend .
18	beck	kick it !
18	bender	( singing ) he could make a good ...
18	bender and beck	( singing ) ... hatrack
18	beck	( singing ) he only has to stand there
18	bender	( singing ) or a cheap ...
18	bender and beck	( singing ) ... doorstop
18	beck	( singing ) he does n't need to move
18	bender	( singing ) or a great big ...
18	bender and beck	( singing ) ... giant thermos
18	bender	( singing ) with a twist-off top
18	beck	( singing ) that would be good for soup
18	bender	( singing ) he could be a storage closet ...
18	bender and beck	( singing ) ... for outdated pants
18	beck	i like 'em tight !
18	bender	( singing ) my broken friend could do it all ...
18	bender and beck	( singing ) ... just give him a chance !
18	bender	( singing ) that robot has a tragic secret
18	beck	for real ?
18	bender	( singing ) ... my broken friend is closer to me
18	beck	hm .
18	bender	( singing ) ... that robot 's name i never told you ...
18	beck	who 's that ?
18	bender	( singing ) ... you could not foresee ...
18	beck	c'mon , give it up .
18	bender	( singing ) ... i 'll say it loud and sing it proud ...
18	bender and beck	( singing ) his name is you and me .
18	bender	( singing ) do n't melt me down into a crowbar
18	beck	( singing ) it suffers alone
18	bender	( singing ) just 'cause i ca n't move my arms and legs
18	beck	hey .
18	bender	( singing ) or toss me into a trash can ...
18	beck	bender , what are you doing ?
18	bender	( singing ) ... just 'cause i ca n't cook you ham and eggs ...
18	beck	what are you doing ?
18	bender	( singing ) ... do n't crush me into an anchor ...
18	beck	what 's the dealy-o ?
18	bender	( singing ) ... just 'cause i ca n't jump and dance and sing ...
18	beck	hold it ! what ? no !
18	bender	( singing ) ... i 'm telling you , my broken friend ...
18	beck	b-bender .
18	bender	( singing ) ... put your hands in the air like you just do n't care !
18	beck	no !
18	bender	( singing ) i 'm telling you , my broken friend ...
18	beck	cut it !
18	bender	( singing ) ... can do ' most anything !
18	beck	cut it !
18	bender	yeah !
18	beck	cut it !
18	bender	curse my natural showmanship !
18	robot #1	( shouting ) you big fat fraud ! you 're not really broken !
18	robot #2	( shouting ) but you will be in a minute ! bum-rush the stage !
18	robot #3	get him !
18	hippie #6	oh harsh , i did n't get my beads .
18	beck	you , minion , lift up my arm . after him !
18	bender	well everyone , prepare to get your guts kicked out by folk singers .
18	caterpillar alien	what is this ? the year of the jerk ?
18	fry	hurry , the golden gate bridge . put the metal to the pedal to the other metal .
18	bender	oh no , i forgot this is a hoverbridge .
18	leela	and i forgot this is n't a hovercar .
18	fry	is any of that a problem ?
18	zoidberg	not if you 've lived a life without regret .
18	bender	i 'll save me !
18	leela	quick , grab his footcups .
18	bender	hey ? what ? no .
18	fry	phew !
18	leela	bummer .
18	bender	( shouting ) someone fat get in my way ! ( talking ) ah , i 'm broken again . i ca n't move any part of me .
18	beck	good .
18	bender	i 'm really sorry i lied , beck . all i ever wanted was to make music with you . i never meant to hurt anyone , or help anyone .
18	beck	bender , that 's some played-out , new-jack , horsecrap . but i know you do n't mean it so , apology accepted .
18	bender	so , i can , uh , keep the cheque ?
18	garfunkel	over my dead career !
18	bender	well , it was worth a shot .
18	fry	( shouting ) c'mon , bender . if you 're done scamming beck , we 're heading home .
18	bender	alright , alright . let me just do one thing to cheer myself up .
19	leela	guidance system ?
19	bender	online .
19	leela	autopilot ?
19	autopilot	present .
19	leela	dark matter indicator ?
19	fry	making the noise .
19	leela	all systems operational . let 's rock !
19	leela	gentlemen , i 've completed my report on the crash .
19	bender	whoa ! i 'm not reading that crap . summarise it in one word .
19	leela	sabotage . this is a normal l-unit . without it , space travel is but the fevered dream of a madman .
19	fry	yep .
19	bender	of course .
19	zoidberg	doy !
19	hermes	it 's an important unit .
19	leela	and this , my friends , is the l-unit i just removed from the ship .
19	fry	that does n't look like an " l " at all . unless you count lowercase .
19	bender	you know we do n't !
19	leela	whoever did this was strong . this is 340 pounds of tonka-tough steel .
19	bender	hmm . it should look like this . but instead it looks like this .
19	fry	who would do a thing like that ?
19	bender	who could do a thing like that ? and by " that " , i mean this .
19	zoidberg	well , gang , it looks like we have another mystery on our hands .
19	hermes	i 'd better make a chart of the suspects . i 'll begin by drawing a line with my straight-edge . sweet lampre of santa fe ! my edge has been bent !
19	amy	( crying ) my javelin too ! it 's ruined . now we 'll never beat jupiter state .
19	zoidberg	my slinky ! my cuddly , little pet slinky !
19	farnsworth	what 's all the hubbub ?
19	leela	my god ! even the professor 's been bent .
19	farnsworth	that you for your sympathy , talking square of linoleum .
19	bender	i 'll get you fixed up . that 's fine .
19	amy	wait a minute . bender ? what did you just do to the professor ?
19	bender	i bent him .
19	amy	aha !
19	hermes	bender !
19	zoidberg	j'accuse !
19	bender	oh , i see . a bunch of stuff gets bent so it must be the robot designed for bending .
19	hermes	i know how to settle this : we 'll check last night 's surveillance tapes .
19	fry	huh ?
19	amy	what tapes ?
19	leela	surveillance ?
19	zoidberg	you 've seen me naked ?
19	hermes	ah . last night 's tape . it was right next to bathroom bloopers 4 .
19	bender	see ? nothing . told you , losers .
19	fry	wait ! there on the screen . it 's that guy you are .
19	bender	i 'm sleepwalking .
19	farnsworth	dear god ! we 've got robots on the ceiling .
19	fry	you were n't sleepwalking . you were sleep-bending !
19	bender	this is quite a shock . on the other hand , it 's not surprising in the least . after all , i 've been bending since the day i was built .
19	bender	( voice-over ) i was born on an assembly line in the bad part of tijuana .
19	bender	mama . hooray ! i graduated ! time to bend around europe for a few months , then get a job bending .
19	amy	you remember your own birth ?
19	bender	sure . it was only four years ago .
19	fry	you 're only four years old ?
19	bender	precocious little scamp , ai n't i ?
19	leela	hmm . bender must have a pent-up need to bend that 's not being satisfied by his bend-free lifestyle .
19	farnsworth	then he ca n't stay here . he 's a menace to every straight person in the company . go satisfy your bend lust and do n't you come back to work until you do .
19	robots	( chanting ) no more bending , no more work . give us a raise , you big fat jerk .
19	sal	( shouting ) nevers !
19	joey	yo ! the mafia supports you . but do n't tell no one . spread the word .
19	donbot	as the duly-elected mobsters of this union , it 's our duty to support the struggle of these proud , lazy slobs .
19	joey	yeah , but what if management remains intragnizent ?
19	donbot	from the context it is clear what you mean . in that case , clamps may have a little surprise for them .
19	clamps	the clamps ! ( unsure ) right ?
19	bender	aw , no ! a strike ? now i 'll never get to bend anything . oh , woe is bender .
19	robot #1	hang tough , brother . management refused our demand to switch casual friday to monday .
19	bender	what ?!
19	robot #2	and now they 're hiring scabs at ten - times the normal wage .
19	bender	ten-times normal wage ? i 'll give those jerks what for !
19	sal	welcomes aboard , scab .
19	bender	great to be here .
19	sal	come on . i 'll introduces you to your scab co-workers you 'll be scabbing with . this heres our scab foreman .
19	bender	flexo ?
19	flexo	bender ?
19	bender	hey , sorry you got sent to that south american turkish prison instead of me on account of mistaken identity .
19	flexo	you bastard ! they treated me like an animal and that 's what i became ! nah , you 're alright . good to see you , buddy !
19	sal	and heres another scab what also works here : angleyne .
19	bender	( sexfully ) hello .
19	sal	hey , yous guyses wan na move that things ?
19	bender	( more sexfully ) hello !
19	robots	( chanting ) give us a raise you big fat jerk .
19	sal	( from outside ) nevers !
19	bender	ow ! um . hi , angleyne . whatcha up to ?
19	angleyne	making hangers . guidance counsellor said i had a knack for it .
19	bender	that 's cool , that 's cool . so , um , uh , i was wondering if , y' know , it 's cool if not , but , what are you doing after work ?
19	angleyne	what i always do . jack squat .
19	bender	me too . man , we have a lot in common , huh ?
19	angleyne	well we are made of virtually identical components .
19	bender	( sexfully ) are you sure ? maybe i should sneak a peek at your access panel .
19	angleyne	hey , according to the scab handbook that 's extremely inappropriate banter . ( sexfully ) and that 's just the way i like it .
19	hermes	haile h. selassie !
19	zoidberg	there , little friend . good as new .
19	farnsworth	what an exquisite day . that azure sky , the verdant treetops . those delightful birds with their chirp , chirp , chirp and their tweet , tweet , splat .
19	fry	professor , i 've never seen you so cheerful . what the hell 's wrong with you ?
19	farnsworth	hmm . i 'm not quite sure . perhaps seeing things from a new perspective has reminded me of life 's beauty . or perhaps my new posture is causing blood to pool in the back of my brain , resulting in a mild delirium . incidentally , you have a dime up your nose .
19	fry	i wish ! it 's a nickel .
19	bender	union forever ! lousy scabs ! they ca n't do those things ! et cetera !
19	bender	i bet watching me bend girders like this turns your legs all rubbery .
19	angleyne	well my legs are made of rubber . and anyway , i am just as strong as you are , mac .
19	bender	oh , yeah ? prove it . here , let me help you .
19	farnsworth	my new bent outlook has completely re-energised me . i 'm even dating a young brazilian retired actress .
19	fry	alright !
19	farnsworth	some say i 'm robbing the cradle but i say she 's robbing the grave .
19	bender	howdy , doodies . what 's new ?
19	farnsworth	i was just regaling your former co-workers with a tale of bedroom antics , the likes of which --
19	bender	yeah , yeah ! big whoop ! no-one cares . i got bender-related news . i 'm in love and i 'm taking all my friends out to celebrate .
19	amy	let 's get liquored up !
19	elzar	hey , look at this crowd . you guys got ta try the pasta . it 's got a real nice profit margin . bam ! so , special occasion tonight ?
19	bender	oh , elzar , you 'll never guess what 's happened ?
19	elzar	bam ?
19	bender	i met the most dynamite ladybot .
19	elzar	hey , that 's terrific . to celebrate , i 'm gon na stick seven copies of my latest cookbook on your bill .
19	bender	bless you , sir .
19	farnsworth	so , bender , tell us about this new girlfriend of yours .
19	bender	i intend to . through the lost art of the toast . to angleyne , she 's got it all . looks , charm and the love of a fabulous bending robot .
19	fry	she sure does .
19	bender	flexo !
19	elzar	( shouting ) careful , that 's a week old !
19	bender	i finally meet a nice girl with a pair of legs that do n't quit unexpectedly and that jerk flexo steals her away ? it 's time to kick some shiny , metal ass . you degenerate hussy ! i 'm disappointed in you too , angleyne .
19	angleyne	bender , it 's - it 's not what you think .
19	bender	oh , god ! then it 's worse than i think .
19	angleyne	now look , there is no reason to be upset . flexo and i are divorced .
19	bender	div -- huh ?
19	flexo	we 're just havin ' dinner 'cause we wan na stay friends .
19	bender	uh , i knew that . what i 'm actually outraged by is your choice of wine . really , it 's the steward 's fault .
19	steward	excellent choice , sir .
19	bender	( muttering ) that flexo , i 'm knockin ' him right on his butt . i ca n't believe this .
19	farnsworth	obsessing wo n't help , bender . take a lean back and enjoy life .
19	bender	i ca n't . my fembot may be in love with another manbot .
19	leela	well talk to her . tell her about your feelings in an open an honest way .
19	fry	yeah . either that or be a man .
19	bender	ok , i 've constructed an elaborate lie : i 'll call angleyne while pretending to be flexo , arrange a date , show up disguised as him and catch her two-timing me with myself .
19	fry	that 's thinkin ' like a man .
19	bender	( disguised voice ) hello ? this is flexo .
19	bender	now we 'll see who loves whom .
19	bender	hey , hot stuff .
19	angleyne	hey , flexo . so since when do you go to bars on work nights ? it 's not like you at all .
19	bender	nonsense . it 's exactly like me . flexo : the fun loving love machine fembots love to love . hey , barkeep , i 'll have a fuzzy navel and she 'll have the girliest drink in the house .
19	bartenderbot	two fuzzy navel 's comin ' up .
19	bender	i hope they can make change for a fortune .
19	joey	yo . get an eyeload of that filty scab with the beard flashing his filthy scab money . it 's an insult to you , boss .
19	donbot	yeah . that cash oughta be slushin ' my fund and kicksing my back .
19	clamps	i 'm greasing up my whoozits !
19	donbot	whoa , whoa , clamps , not yet . let 's just keep an eye on him and see if he does it a couple more times .
19	bender	you 're lookin ' good to flexo tonight .
19	angleyne	quit makin ' with the googly eyes . you know that i 'm in love with bender .
19	bender	bender ? that walking wuss factory ?
19	angleyne	well he may be a walking factory but believe me he is no wuss . now look . you and me are through . i told you that when i divorced you .
19	bender	but going through a divorce together , you ca n't tell me that did n't bring us closer . care to dance ?
19	angleyne	you know i love dancing but you always hated it .
19	bender	in that case it 's something i 've always wanted to make up to you . hey , scratchmo . how ' bout dropping me and the lady some rump-rattling beats ?
19	donbot	i had hoped that by the second time he flashed his cash my rage would have subsided . sadly that has not happened .
19	angleyne	you used to be so inflexible , flexo . you have really loosened up !
19	bender	i recently upgraded my funk card . c'mon !
19	angleyne	alright !
19	bender	c'mon now , what 's new ! ew !
19	angleyne	flexo ? what-what 's going on ?
19	bender	um ...
19	angleyne	flexo !
19	bender	so the moral of the story is : if you want it to stay sunk , tie a weight to it !
19	angleyne	( laughing ) you always were a kick in the teeth , man .
19	bender	aw , shucks , thunder-buns ! you make me feel like a million volts .
19	angleyne	flexo , flexo , flexo . i 'm starting to remember why i fell for you in the first place .
19	bender	( thinking ) so , she 's falling for flexo , eh ? i 'd better seduce her a little more , just to be sure .
19	angleyne	well , it 's late . i should get home to my trailer .
19	bender	i 'll walk you out . after all , a true gentleman tends to his date 's every need . tiparillo ?
19	bender	here you are , my lad . bring the lady 's car around in the finest way possible .
19	joey	he 's flashin ' his cash loaf again .
19	donbot	how many times is that ? two or three ?
19	clamps	three .
19	donbot	alright . that 's the necessary number of times . that scab 's gon na have a little on-the-job accident .
19	joey	with all due respect , donbot , i do n't think we should rely on an accident happening . let 's kill him ourselves .
19	angleyne	well , goodnight . i-i had a great time .
19	bender	how ' bout a lift ? to your place .
19	angleyne	what ?
19	bender	admit it . you felt something for me tonight . and by me i mean flexo .
19	angleyne	hey look , i had fun but --
19	bender	but ?
19	angleyne	but --
19	bender	buuut ?
19	angleyne	( gasping ) but ... huh ? bender ! you tricked me .
19	bender	that 's right , baby . i ai n't your lover boy , flexo , the guy you love so much . you even love anybody pretending to be him .
19	angleyne	well maybe i love you so much i love you no matter who you 're pretending to be .
19	bender	oh , how i wish i could believe or understand that ! there 's only one reasonable course of action now : kill flexo . ow !
19	angleyne	( screaming ) nooo !
19	flexo	thanks , i appreciate that . nah , i 'm joshing you . that was quite annoying .
19	bender	you call yourself divorced ? you 're making a mockery of one of our oldest institutions .
19	flexo	what ?
19	clamps	alright , boss , give the word and i 'll drop this unbendable girder . clamp , clamp , ka-bamp !
19	donbot	remember , only kill the one with the beard . that other filthy scab we got nothing against .
19	flexo	that 's low !
19	angleyne	please stop ! i 'm not worth it !
19	bender	probably not . but i love you and i 'm gon na kick his ass 'til i win you back .
19	donbot	( from control room ) ok , clamps . now !
19	clamps	ooh , that 's got ta clamp !
19	angleyne	flexo ? are you ok ?
19	flexo	yeah , never better . nah , i 'm yankin ' your chain , i 'm dying .
19	angleyne	you ca n't die . tonight bender showed me that i love you .
19	bender	but , i love you .
19	angleyne	i know and i care for you too . but i could never love anyone as much as you made me realise i love flexo .
19	bender	but ... but ... i love you so much , angleyne , i want you to be happy no matter what .
19	angleyne	what , what are you saying ?
19	bender	i 'm saying i 've got an unbendable girder to bend .
19	angleyne	you ca n't bend that girder . it 's unbendable !
19	bender	well i do n't know anything about lifting , so that just leaves us the one option .
19	flexo	thanks , buddy . another year under that and i 'd have been a goner .
19	angleyne	i 'll always remember this , bender .
19	bender	( crying ) me too . me too . ( talking ) jerk .
19	leela	so flexo and angleyne had sex right there on the factory floor ? well , at least you got bending out of your system .
19	bender	yes . i wo n't be up to bending again for a long , long time .
19	farnsworth	perhaps it 's your outlook that needs a good bend . a 90-degree bend to a place where happiness is perpendicular to wonderment .
19	fry	professor , we 're all sick of your upbeat attitude .
19	amy	i 'll say .
19	zoidberg	believe it .
19	farnsworth	nonsense . it 's just like in the song i wrote :
19	leela	bender , you 've got ta help us .
19	bender	i try to get out but they keep pulling me back in .
19	farnsworth	( singing ) you got ta dangle , have a new angle , wangle a new dangle on life .
19	amy	no , bender ! the other way .
19	bender	i like him better this way .
19	farnsworth	i 'm sad now .
19	leela	eh , it 's fine .
20	fry	hmm . horsey to pointy guy six . check .
20	bender	hmm . get him , boys !
20	fry	( hoarse ) good move .
20	farnsworth	good news , everyone . we have a mission to further the noble cause of intergalactic peace .
20	bender	nope . watching cartoons .
20	fry	sorry .
20	leela	what 's the mission ?
20	farnsworth	it 's a delivery for the democratic order of planets .
20	fry	doop ? what 's that ?
20	farnsworth	it 's similar to the united nations from your time , fry .
20	fry	uh ...
20	hermes	or like the federation from your star trek programme .
20	fry	( getting it ) oh !
20	farnsworth	tonight is the ribbon-cutting for the doop 's new headquarters .
20	leela	what are we delivering ?
20	farnsworth	something without which no ribbon-cutting ceremony could proceed . the ceremonial oversized scissors .
20	leela	we 'll get them there as quickly as we can .
20	farnsworth	alright , but do n't run with them .
20	fry	wow ! there 's a million aliens . i 've never seen anything so mind blowing . ooh , a reception table with muffins !
20	glab	ladies and gentlemen , welcome to the ribbon-cutting ceremony of the doop 's magnificent new headquarters . a fitting home for an organisation that has fostered peace throughout the universe . even between the insectoids and the space lizards .
20	fry	so , what 's it like on planet amazonia ?
20	amazonian	big rats there . me crush with club .
20	fry	that 's so interesting . maybe we could get to know each other over a coffee .
20	glab	i can think of no better place for this centre of diplomacy than here in orbit around the neutral planet . what are your thoughts on this momentous occasion , your neutralness ?
20	neutral president	i have no strong feelings one way or the other .
20	zapp	i hate these filthy neutrals , kif . with enemies you know where they stand but with neutrals , who knows ? it sickens me . halt . why , leela . i do believe we 've met .
20	bender	( whispering ) he means you guys did it .
20	leela	if you do n't mind , we 're here to deliver the scissors for the ribbon-cutting .
20	zapp	then you 're under arrest .
20	leela	what for ?
20	zapp	how do i know these scissors are n't part of some neutral plot ?
20	leela	but they 're not even sharp . who could i possibly hurt with them ?
20	zapp	the yarn people of nylar 4 ? so , a plan to assassinate a weird-looking alien with scissors . how very neutral of you .
20	leela	what ?
20	zapp	it was almost the perfect crime , but you forgot one thing : rock crushes scissors ... but paper covers rock ... and scissors cut paper . kif , we have a conundrum . search them for paper , and bring me a rock .
20	kif	why ?
20	zapp	so beautiful , yet so neutral . drag them to the ship .
20	glab	and now , to cut the ribbon , the legendary doop captain who just returned from a triumphant carpet-bombing of eden 7 , zapp brannigan .
20	zapp	what makes a man turn neutral ? lust for gold ? power ? or were you just born with a heart full of neutrality ?
20	kif	um , sir , you 're supposed to be cutting the ribbon right now .
20	zapp	no matter . i 'll simply cut it from here with the ships laser .
20	kif	sir , i do n't think that 's wise .
20	zapp	kif , if there 's one thing i do n't need it 's your i-don ' t-think-that 's - wise attitude .
20	zapp	whoopsie-daisy .
20	glab	zapp brannigan , you stand accused of blowing up doop headquarters . how do you plead ?
20	zapp	absolutely 99 % not guilty .
20	glab	then the prosecutor will call his first witness .
20	hyper-chicken	your honour , i 'm just a simple hyper-chicken from a backwoods asteroid but if it please the court i reckon i 'll call the entire jury .
20	glab	i 'm going to allow this .
20	hyper-chicken	members of the jury ... ... did y' all happen to catch a gander at who blew up that there doop headquarters ?
20	juror #1	( simultaneously ) that 's the guy , right there .
20	juror #2	( simultaneously ) oh , yeah , right there .
20	small glurmo #1	( simultaneously ) that one .
20	hyper-chicken	and are y' all gon na vote to convict him ?
20	neptunian	( simultaneously ) you 'd better believe it .
20	juror #1	( simultaneously ) you bet .
20	glab	the jury is instructed to disregard its own testimony .
20	hyper-chicken	your honour , the prosecution rests .
20	glab	the evidence against zapp brannigan is strong . however , in light of his years of service , and the incompetence of this hillbilly prosecutor , i 'm afraid i must dismiss all charges .
20	leela	dismiss all charges ? your honour , i know the case is closed and you 've rendered your verdict , but i wan na testify .
20	glab	i 'm going to allow this .
20	hyper-chicken	now , miss leela , on the date in question , were you or were you not wearing a hoop skirt ?
20	leela	that 's a stupid question . what matters is zapp brannigan is the sorriest captain i 've ever seen , and i saw the idiot blow up doop headquarters with my own eye .
20	zapp	i 'd like to cross-examine the witness .
20	glab	i 'm going to allow this .
20	zapp	we 've met before have we not ?
20	leela	( reluctantly ) yes .
20	zapp	and on that occasion , did you have sex with someone ? may i remind you you are still under oath .
20	leela	( reluctantly ) yes .
20	zapp	please point out the person in this courtroom you had sex with . and his name is ?
20	leela	zapp brannigan .
20	zapp	the very same zapp brannigan who did not blow up doop headquarters . i rest my case .
20	glab	ladies and gentlemen of the jury , you may begin your deliberations .
20	small glurmo #1	your honour , we have reached a verdict . we find the defendant ... guilty .
20	glab	zapp brannigan , you are hereby stripped of your rank as captain and dismissed from the doop .
20	zapp	i 'd like to make one final statement . kif c ' mere and hold up the flag . and wave it a little for god 's sakes . my friends , you can take away a man 's title and his uniform but you can never take away his integrity or his honour . plus it was mostly kif 's fault .
20	kif	what ?
20	glab	kif kroker , you are also stripped of your rank and dishonourably discharged .
20	zapp	one day a man has everything , the next day he blows up a $ 400 billion space station and the next day he has nothing . it makes you think .
20	kif	no , it does n't .
20	zapp	come , kif , it 's time to begin our life as civilians . that 's an order , soldier .
20	fry	hey , bender ?
20	bender	yeah ?
20	leela	alright , this is the third hose fight i 've broken up today and the second one using actual hoses . now move your lazy asses and start scrubbing the ship like i ordered you to .
20	fry	you do n't have to get so mad , leela .
20	bender	yeah , fry already wiped off some of the dirt with his finger .
20	leela	zapp ?
20	zapp	leela , i did n't know where else to turn . you 're the only woman who ever loved me .
20	leela	i never loved you .
20	zapp	i mean physically .
20	leela	what do you want ?
20	zapp	just let me work for a little food . perhaps i could paint a fence , or service you sexually , or mop the floors .
20	leela	you do n't know how to do any of those things .
20	zapp	kif might .
20	farnsworth	leela , who are you talking to ?
20	zapp	just a broken-down hobo who 's hit rock-bottom . and his commanding officer .
20	farnsworth	why , you 're that disgraced starship captain . having him on staff will distract people from our horrendous safety record . come in .
20	farnsworth	i 'd like everyone to meet our new employees . ( whispering ) which ones are new ?
20	hermes	the green dude and the fat man .
20	farnsworth	hmm , i could swear i 've never seen that robot before either .
20	bender	i 'm bender . you know ? the lovable rascal .
20	farnsworth	oh , yes , yes . my good friend , of course . anyway , whoever you all are , i have good news . you 'll be making a delivery to stumbos 4 , a planet with such high gravity you 'll most likely be crushed under the weight of your own hair . enjoy .
20	zapp	so , this leela . i know she 's a very sensuous woman but what manner of captain is she ?
20	fry	she 's really strict .
20	bender	and mean .
20	zapp	i see . does she by any chance give the crewmembers spankings ?
20	fry	no , she just makes us do work and stuff .
20	zapp	good , good . but should she ever institute some sort of bare-bottom spanking policy let me go in your place . i wo n't have my comrades harmed .
20	bender	hey , this guy 's alright !
20	zapp	here 's to us poor schmoes working for the man . even if he is a hot , sexy , female man .
20	kif	i 've computed out landing co-ordinates , captain .
20	leela	thanks , kif . very nice work .
20	kif	wait , what ?
20	leela	i said " very nice work " .
20	kif	this is the happiest day of my life .
20	leela	ok , crew , listen up . your job is to delivery these 40 pillows to that hotel .
20	bender	they 're not very heavy but you do n't hear me not complaining .
20	leela	they 're not heavy in here because we have an anti-grav pump . but once you get out on the surface the gravity will be very intense .
20	fry	hey , no prob ' , this lead apron 'll protect me .
20	leela	i do n't want any screw-ups . use the hover-dolly and just deliver one pillow at a time .
20	bender	hey , here 's an idea , let 's deliver all the pillows at once .
20	fry	yeah !
20	zapp	that 's using the old noodle !
20	zapp	come on , girdle . hold !
20	bender	uh-oh .
20	leela	what the hell happened ?
20	bender	some breaking occured , the dolly was involved , that 's about all we know .
20	leela	i told you dumb apes not to overload it . each of those pillows weighs 150lbs here .
20	fry	alright , do n't get your panties in a knot . we 'll just use the back-up dolly .
20	bender	i 'll start loading up the pillows .
20	leela	no way , jack . you disobeyed an order , so now you have to deliver all 40 pillows by hand .
20	zapp	let me ask you a serious question , leela : does the company that made your bra make a girdle as well ? i ask because a friend of mine --
20	leela	just get to work .
20	bender	( mocking ) i 'm leela , get to work , neh neh neh .
20	fry	i agree .
20	kif	the point is , it 's just so humiliating working for that man . once , he actually ordered me to ... shave his armpits while he was in the bathtub . so , i said --
20	leela	y' know , why do n't we talk about something besides zapp for a while ?
20	kif	oh , alright . um ... well ... how ' bout then , um ... ok , well , there he was in the tub , alright ?
20	fry	ah , some good old high-gravity rain . that 'll cool us off .
20	bender	this is all leela 's fault .
20	fry	yeah . if she had let us use the back-up dolly , we could have broken it , given up and gone home by now .
20	zapp	y' know boys , a good captain needs many skills , such as boldness , daring and a velour uniform . and i 'm not convinced leela has any of those things .
20	fry	ah , leela 's not that bad . i just wish she did n't make us work so much .
20	zapp	back when i was captain all i asked from my men was their complete loyalty . if i had that , then for all i cared they could sit around the whole day drinking beer in their underpants .
20	bender	beer ?
20	fry	underpants ?
20	kif	but now , zapp 's not captain anymore . i 'm free ! oh , you hear that ? i 'm actually laughing !
20	fry	this is a mutiny .
20	bender	you 're outta here , lady . zapp 's the new captain .
20	fry	all hail the new captain .
20	zapp	leela , you might be a formidible do-er of the nasty but i am forced to relieve you of your post .
20	leela	on what grounds , you slobbering oaf ?
20	zapp	failure to prevent a mutiny . throw her in the brig.
20	fry	we do n't have a brig.
20	zapp	then throw her in the laundry room , which will hereafter be referred to as " the brig " .
20	leela	you really do n't want me to be captain anymore ?
20	bender	you got it , genius .
20	leela	but , did n't i do a good job ?
20	fry	you were mean and you yelled and you made us do all that work .
20	leela	sometimes a captain needs to do those things . besides i , i thought we were friends .
20	fry	yeah , well , you should n't have been such a mean captain then .
20	bender	do n't worry , leela , soon we 'll be able to look back on this and laugh .
20	zapp	back in my old uniform , and it nearly still fits . even after all that fattening hobo cuisine .
20	kif	what shall i do with your civilian clothes , sir ?
20	zapp	take them to the laundry-brig . so , do i have your loyalty , men ?
20	bender	to the ends of the universe .
20	fry	ten hundred percent !
20	zapp	that 's not nearly loyal enough . i order you to sit around and drink beer until you 're as loyal as kif here .
20	bender	yes , sir , sir !
20	kif	um , may i have a beer , sir ?
20	zapp	no . you 're loyal enough already . meanwhile , i have a plan . we will single-handedly attack our archenemy the neutral planet .
20	kif	oh , jeez .
20	zapp	once the neutral war machine lies in ruins , i 'll be a hero again and the doop will reinstate me as captain .
20	kif	but , sir , that plan makes no sense .
20	zapp	maybe not to you , kif , but if i recall correctly , you were court-martialed in disgrace .
20	fry	ooh , burn !
20	bender	nailed you , buddy !
20	zapp	prepare to continue the epic struggle between good and neutral .
20	fry	this is awesome ! we 're gon na be like pow-pow-pow , and they 're gon na be like ... ... and then we 'll have pancakes to celebrate and i 'll be like ...
20	zapp	precisely . now , in the name of all that is good and honourable , we 'll call the neutral president with a message of peace , then blast him .
20	bender	yes sir , sirdy-sir-sir-sir !
20	zapp	fly the white flag of war .
20	zapp	this is zapp brannigan of the good ship ... planet express ship . i come swinging the olive branch of peace .
20	neutral president	all i know is my gut says maybe .
20	bender	what now , chief ?
20	zapp	now we crash the ship into their headquarters , killing them in a hellish firestorm from which no living thing can escape .
20	fry	good , good , then what ?
20	zapp	then your mission is complete . i , meanwhile , will have ejected to safety , wearing the only spacesuit on board .
20	fry	wait a second . is this plan gon na kill us ?
20	zapp	of course . what do you think i meant by " loyalty " ? now help me into the only spacesuit . it looks a bit sweaty in there so you may need to apply baby powder .
20	fry	leela , we want you to be captain again .
20	leela	let me guess . he cancelled naptime ? he ran out of beer ? so he 's about to kill us ?
20	fry	we want leela to be captain again .
20	zapp	so it 's mutiny is it ? i never thought i 'd see the day . come , kif , let 's eject . i found a children 's spacesuit you can wear .
20	kif	to be honest , sir , i 'd rather stay here with captain leela . she actually listens to what i have to --
20	leela	oh , no ! he 's disabled the steering . we 're gon na crash !
20	bender	leela save me ... and yourself , i guess ... and my banjo . and fry .
20	leela	ok , ok . we have one chance . are you willing to do what i say as captain ?
20	fry	absolutely .
20	leela	even if i make you work hard ?
20	bender	as your god is my witness .
20	leela	then go get the hover-dolly you did n't break and load all the dark matter into the left engine .
20	bender	oh , man , that crap 's heavy .
20	fry	and warm .
20	leela	just do it .
20	neutral president	if i do n't survive , tell my wife , " hello " .
20	leela	hurry ! i do n't wan na die at the age of 25 .
20	bender	honey , unless we hit a time warp , i would n't worry about it .
20	fry	it 's too low .
20	bender	quick .
20	leela	you did it ! you actually did it !
20	fry	and no one will have to punish anyone for the mutiny .
20	zapp	and so , when captain leela panicked , perhaps distracted by female troubles , my quick thinking allowed me to do whatever i did to save the day .
20	glab	captain leela , is this rambling story of magic and heroism true ?
20	leela	well , actually --
20	farnsworth	( whispering ) that a girl ! if they do n't take him back we can keep him as captain .
20	leela	your honour , it 's all true : my female incompetence , zapp 's cat-like reflexes , the stuff that made no sense , all of it .
20	glab	in that case , zapp brannigan , i hereby restore your rank and parking privileges .
20	farnsworth	oh , foo !
20	zapp	come , kif , we 've got work to do .
20	kif	i-i 'll call and tell you about it .
20	fry	leela , i just want you to know that even though you 're mean , you 're the best captain ever .
20	bender	yeah , you 're one dynamite lady . can we have a week off ?
20	leela	no .
20	fry	please ?
20	bender	come on , captain .
20	leela	oh , alright .
20	farnsworth	no time off .
20	fry	aw , man .
20	leela	let 's mutiny !
21	zoidberg	hurry up with the water , i 'm steaming in my own shell i am , it 's that hot it is !
21	leela	heyya !
21	fry	man it 's hot ! ( different voice . ) how hot is it ? ( normal voice . ) it 's so hot i poured mcdonalds coffee in my lap to cool off . jonny carson said it .
21	leela	no ! nibbler , do n't drink the pool water ! it 's full of chlorine !
21	bender	lightweights ! oh wait - chlorine !
21	farnsworth	perhaps this movie will help us take our minds off the heat .
21	bender	focuuus !
21	narrator	you 're probably wondering why your ice cream went away . well suzie , the culprit is n't foreigners , it 's global warming !
21	suzie	gwobal wappa ?
21	man	uh , yeah ! meet mr sunbeam . he comes all the way from the sun to visit earth .
21	gas	not so fast sunbeam ! we 're greenhouse gases ! you ai n't going nowhere !
21	man	pretty soon earth is chock full of sunbeams ...... their rotting corpses heating our atmosphere .
21	suzie	how do we get wid of the gweenhouse grasses ?
21	narrator	fortunately our handsomest politicians came up with a cheap , last minute way to combat global warming . ever since 2063 we drop a giant ice cube into the ocean every now and then .
21	suzie	just like daddy puts in his drink every morning ! ( sadly ) and then he gets mad .
21	narrator	of course , since the greenhouse gases are still building up , it takes more and more ice each time . thus solving the problem once and for all .
21	suzie	but ...
21	leela	well , we just need one of those big ice cubes . someone should call the losers who are supposed to deliver it . hello ?
21	nixon	president nixon here . i 'm hiring you losers to deliver the ice . and hurry up ! i 'm sweating like j. edgar hoover trying to squeeze into a new girdle !
21	farnsworth	you heard the good news everyone ! save the earth , et cetera et cetera ! bye !
21	fry	wait ! where do we get the ice ?
21	farnsworth	the wha ? oh halley 's comet of course . the only sufficient source of ice cubes that do n't have bugs in them !
21	fry	wow ! mining a comet , that sounds fun !
21	farnsworth	yes there 's no safer occupation than mining . especially when you 're on a snowball whipping through space at a million miles an hour ! safe !
21	bender	deploying ice drill .
21	fry	wow ! that ice dispenser 's so big , the ice crushes you ! yakov smirnov said it !
21	leela	no he did n't .
21	bender	activating ice drill .
21	fry	oh my god ! it 's out of ice ! like some outer space motel 6 !
21	leela	completely out of ice ?
21	bender	this could mean the end of the bana daquiri as we know it ... also life .
21	linda	with halley 's comet out of ice , earth is experiencing the devastating effects of sudden intense global warming .
21	morbo	morbo is pleased but sticky . the scorching heat has melted the polar ice caps causing floods of biblical proportions .
21	gay sailor	they called me crazy for building this ark .
21	man	you are crazy , you built it with same sex animal couples !
21	gay sailor	hey ! there are parts of the bible i like and parts i do n't like .
21	morbo	direct your attention now to the african turtles seen here migrating to cooler homes in holland .
21	bender	that poor turtle !
21	fry	bender ? are you crying ?
21	bender	uh no ! never !
21	morbo	morbo wishes these storward nomads peace among the dutch tulips !
21	linda	i 'm sure those windmills will keep them cool .
21	bender	well everybody , i just saved a turtle , what have you done with your lives ?
21	hermes	you went all the way to holland already ?
21	leela	bender a turtle is n't yourself . why do you care about it ?
21	bender	because i also care deeply of things that remind me of myself . like poor little shelly here .
21	hermes	what could you possibly have in common with this walking soup mix ?
21	bender	for one thing , we both have a tough outer shell . but lead a rich , inner life . also ... well you know ...
21	leela	you 're both alcoholic , whore-mongering , chain smoking gamblers ?
21	bender	no ! its just ... neither of us can get up when we get knocked on our back .
21	fry	what ? i 've seen you get up off your back tons of times .
21	bender	those times i was slightly on my side .
21	hermes	interesting . maybe we should test this erectile disfunction of yours bender .
21	bender	uh , that 's not necessary , really ! i think i hear my factory recalling me .
21	bender	oh ! that 's what i get for sharing my vulnerability with you people .
21	van	calling all scientists , calling all scientists . be advised there will be a worldwide conference on global warming in kyoto , japan .
21	man	i 've got a degree in homeopathic medicine !
21	van	you 've got a degree in baloney !
21	amy	professor farnsworth , you 're a scientist !
21	farnsworth	forget it , i 'm not going ! i have my reasons ! shut up all of you !
21	hermes	strange . you have n't acted suspicious since i found those " ape bones " in the basement .
21	farnsworth	my hip hurts ! i 'm in the middle of cooking a turkey ! i have warranty cards to fill out ! i 'm not just making excuses ! alright i 'll go !
21	crowd	oh god i ca n't believe it ! i love you !
21	rivers	oh oh ! it 's hubert farnsworth ! he 's looking fab in a standard white lab coat and dark slacks ! his wristwatch is casio .
21	van	thank you all for coming ! it is my pleasure to introduce the host of the kyoto global warming convention , the inventor of the environment and first emperor of the moon - al gore !
21	gore	i have ridden the mighty moon worm .
21	fry	good for him !
21	gore	my fellow earthicans , as i discuss in my book , earth in the balance and the much more popular harry potter and the balance of earth we need to defend our planet against pollution . as well as dark wizards .
21	dark wizard	sure ! blame the wizards !
21	gore	that 's why i 'm offering a bag of moon saphires to the scientist who can solve this problem once and for all . lovely are n't they ?
21	dark wizard	sapphires ? with those i could open the gate of kerash !
21	gore	first up is professor ogden wernstrom .
21	farnsworth	wernstrom !
21	wernstrom	ahem . ladies and gentlemen . i have placed in orbit a giant mirror that will reflect 40 % of the sun 's rays . thus cooling earth . observe .
21	wernstrom	problem solved .
21	man	ooo , that 's a little bright .
21	gore	alright , what else we got ?
21	fry	professor , you 're a professor . you must have some ideas .
21	farnsworth	absolutely not ! i wo n't speak ! i 've got nothing to hide !
21	gore	our next speaker is -
21	farnsworth	i demand the floor !
21	gore	yes , it 's your turn to speak .
21	farnsworth	well nuts to me . i 'm taking the stage ! i know the source of the greenhouse gases . but in my shame i 've kept it secret for 75 long years . ohhh , it haunts my memory still .
21	fry	professor no , do n't do it !
21	farnsworth	do n't do what ? do n't use this memory ray so i can remember what happened back then ?
21	prototype	oh dear . might i favour master with a tender kiss on the forehead ?
21	farnsworth	oh dear , i 've failed again .
21	prototype	oh dear , oh dear , oh dear .
21	farnsworth	ooo , ouch , stop !
21	mom	what was that ?
21	farnsworth	a flaming burp .
21	mom	does it always do that ?
21	farnsworth	its not always a burp . we still have one problem though . this robot will never meet emission standards .
21	mom	crap spackle ! we 'll just call it a sport utility robot and classify it as a light truck !
21	farnsworth	well ... i suppose the environment can take one more for the team .
21	mom	take me now you stud !
21	farnsworth	oh this is all my fault !
21	fry	that 's awful professor . especially the making out part .
21	gore	yeah , i did n't need to hear that .
21	farnsworth	all modern robots descend from my original smog blasting designs . and that 's the cause of global warming today .
21	wernstrom	uh , so the robots are to blame . as i suspected . we are left with only one possible course of action . grim though it be .
21	bender	i got a good feeling about this !
21	wernstrom	we must immediately and permanently shut down , dismantle and destroy all robots !
21	bender	no !
21	farnsworth	wait , surely there 's a better -
21	van	the conference is over .
21	gore	i must go now , to help collect cans on jupiter . peace out ya 'll !
21	audience	destroy all robots ! destroy all robots !
21	amy	poor bender .
21	fry	be brave my friend .
21	leela	come on . you 've got to come out of your chest sometime . would you do it for a bender snack ?
21	fry	ah ha !
21	leela	gotcha !
21	bender	let me go ! i do n't even want the stupid beer ! yes ! you tried to trick me into coming out of my chest . but who has the beer now ? i 've got mail .
21	amy	ooo , it 's a party . apparently .
21	nixon	do you like to party ? to boogie down ? well i 'm throwing an all night beach raver for my robot pals . it all goes down saturday on the isolated galapogas islands where there will be no escape - from the fun ! all robots must attend !
21	zoidberg	strange . why would nixon , an awkward , uncomfortabble man suddenly throw a party ? one of the most social events imaginable . it 's a trap is why ! they 're going to deactivate all the robots ! i do n't hear any gasping .
21	leela	we all figured that out .
21	zoidberg	ohh !
21	bender	well , i 'm off .
21	fry	wait . we could hide you ! we 'll pile fruit on you and claim you 're a bowl .
21	bender	no . i 'm going to the party .
21	fry	i wo n't let you .
21	bender	fry , as you know , there are lots of things i 'm willing to kill for . jewels , vengence , father o'mally 's weedwhacker . but at long last i 've found something i 'm willing to die for . this mindless turtle .
21	fry	bender , this world is n't good enough for you .
21	bender	not even close . goodbye everybody . do n't touch my stuff after i 'm dead ! ( shouting ) it 's booby trapped .
21	bender	poor guy . maybe you 'd feel better if i had a drink . crummy kegg it 's completely ta - oh you 're a robot .
21	kegg	do n't stop !
21	bender	ew !
21	nixon	attention happenin ' robots . who 's got what it takes to party with nixon ? you fellas enjoy yourselves for the next two hours . and be sure not to leave the island , uh for at least two hours ! i 'm going out to pick up some smokes . uh really good smokes ! two hours . ok headless body of agnoo , lets blow this joint !
21	bender	nah , i 'm not really in the -
21	wernstrom	per your orders i have modified my mirror to fire a colossal electromagnetic pulse at the galapogas . every robot will be instantly and painfully terminated . now for your part of the bargain .
21	nixon	oh , very well . agnoo , you belong to wernstrom now .
21	bender	i have to say goodbye now . there ai n't not turtles where daddy 's a-going . ( whispering ) do n't tell anybody but nixon 's about to shut all robots off and -
21	mic	what ??
21	robot #1	we 're gon na die !
21	robot #2	nixon 's not bringing the smokes !
21	bender	shut up and pay attention to me ! bender . look , i love life and its pleasures as much as anyone here , except perhaps you hedonismbot . but we need to be shut off ! especially you hendonismbot !
21	hedonismbot	i apologise for nothing !
21	bender	we pollute too much . we 're destroying the world and killing the turtles .
21	preacherbot	to hell with the turtles !
21	bender	no one insults the turtles !
21	preacherbot	oh mercy .
21	hedonismbot	let the games begin !
21	farnsworth	everyone listen !
21	preacherbot	aw damn !
21	farnsworth	i 've devised a way to save you and to stop global warming at the same time ! granted you 're all blasting out greenhouse gases .
21	bender	you 're one to talk !
21	farnsworth	but we can use those very gases to save the planet . if you all vent your exhaust directly upward in one burst it should thrust the earth further from the sun , thus cooling it . by my calculations we 'll need the full force of every last robot . so quickly , everyone point your exhaust vents straight upwards . now vent ! vent like the wind ! harder ! harder !
21	fry	why is n't this working ?!
21	leela	some lazy or polite robot is holding it in .
21	bender	help ! help !!
21	farnsworth	a billion robot lives are about to be extinguished ! oh the jedi 's are going to feel this one !
21	bender	i 'm sorry buddy . at least we 'll die on our backs , helpless . huh ? what the hell are you doing ? hey are you trying to make me look bad ? ah ha ! i 'm even greater than i thought i was ! and now to fullfill my destiny .
21	nixon	fire !! what the ??
21	wernstrom	we missed .
21	nixon	professor , for saving the earth and foiling me , i proudly , yet angrily , present you with earth 's new highest honour : the polluting medal of pollution .
21	farnsworth	thank you . i deserve this !
21	bender	hey professor ! now that the earth 's orbit is further from the sun wo n't that make the year longer ?
21	farnsworth	why yes ! one week longer to be exact .
21	nixon	in that case i hereby declare it robot party week !
22	leela	what do you think of the view , fry ?
22	fry	it really puts things in perspective . i mean , from up here an entire world can seem utterly insignificant .
22	bender	hey , nice seats ! we 're close enough to when you knock a player down with a beer bottle , he stays down .
22	fry	i do n't get this . is blernsball exactly the same as baseball ?
22	farnsworth	baseball ? god forbid !
22	leela	face it , fry . baseball was as boring as mom and apple pie . that 's why they jazzed it up .
22	fry	boring ? baseball was n't -- hmm , so they finally jazzed it up ?
22	fry	home run ! ha ha ! yay ! right ?
22	umpire	out !
22	fry	what just happened ? why is the ball on that springy thing ?
22	leela	it 's traditional . just like aluminium bats and the seventh inning grope .
22	bender	i got me a souvenir ! aww , here you go , kid !
22	zoidberg	i 'd like a jumbo squid log , please .
22	vendor	we do n't sell those .
22	zoidberg	alright , alright . let me have one of your young on a roll .
22	vendor	we 're outta rolls .
22	zoidberg	fine ! just give me something crawling with parasites .
22	fry	mmm , at least hotdogs have n't changed .
22	bender	hey , buddies , who wants popcorn ?
22	fry	me !
22	farnsworth	oh , yes !
22	zoidberg	yes , please , popcorn !
22	bender	anyone want butter on that ?
22	fry	hey , i 'm starting to get the hang of this game . the blerns are loaded , the count 's three blerns and two anti-blerns and the infield blern rule is in effect , right ?
22	leela	except for the word " blern " that was complete gibberish .
22	man	multi-ball ! multi-ball ! blern ! blerrrn !
22	leela	alright ! yes ! miller 's on a pace to hit 70 blerns !
22	farnsworth	he 's good , alright . but he 's no clem johnson . and johnson played back in the days before steroid injections were mandatory .
22	bender	clem johnson ? that skin bag would n't have lasted one pitch in the old robot leagues ! now wireless joe jackson , there was a blern hitting machine !
22	leela	exactly ! he was a machine designed to hit blerns ! i mean , come on , wireless joe was nothing but a programmable bat on wheels .
22	bender	oh , and i suppose pitchomat 5000 was just a modified howitzer ?
22	leela	yep .
22	bender	you humans are so scared of a little robot competition you wo n't even let us on the field .
22	fry	what are you talking about ? there 's all kinds of robots down there .
22	bender	yeah , doing crap work ! they 're bat boys , ball polishers , sprinkler systems . but how many robot managers are there ?
22	fry	11 ?
22	bender	zero ! and what a surprise ! look who 's scraping up the filth . is it a human child ? i wish !
22	farnsworth	oh , dear lord !
22	fry	what 's wrong ?
22	farnsworth	it 's ... my ... new pager .
22	holo-hermes	this is hermes . a package just came in . everyone is to return to the office immediately . get away , you filthy bird ! shoo ! shoo ! professor , turn me off , quick !
22	farnsworth	i 'm sorry , wha ?
22	holo-hermes	( shouting ) see you at the office !
22	bender	admit it : you all think robots are just machines built by humans to make their lives easier .
22	fry	well , are n't they ?
22	bender	i 've never made anyone 's life easier and you know it !
22	farnsworth	great news , everyone . you 'll be delivering a package to chapek 9 , a world where humans are killed on sight .
22	fry	why is that great news ?
22	farnsworth	i 'm glad you asked that question , fry . you see , chapek 9 was colonised centuries ago by a murderous crew of radical robot separatists .
22	bender	oh , so just 'cause a robot wants to kill humans that makes him a " radical " ?
22	leela	hey , hold on . i understand these robots hate humans , but how do they feel about humanoid aliens ?
22	farnsworth	they 're not fans .
22	hermes	that 's why bender will have to make the actual delivery .
22	bender	oh , i get it , make the robot do all the work !
22	leela	this is the first actual work you 've ever had to do around here .
22	bender	well i 'm not doing it ! it 's a robot holiday .
22	fry	really ? which one ?
22	bender	only robanukah . the holiest two weeks on the robot calendar .
22	leela	oh , come on , bender . last month it was robomadom and before that robonza .
22	fry	man , that one was a blast !
22	bender	it was n't just a blast . it was a sacred tribute to my ancestral prototypes which happened to take the form of a drinking contest .
22	hermes	now , look here , bender . i respect your diversity to the extent the law requires but you used up all your days off when you had that bout with roberculosis .
22	bender	alright , i 'll go . but so help me , i 'll hold a grudge against every last stinking one of you for the rest of your lives .
22	farnsworth	well then it 's settled . so long , everyone !
22	fry	so let me get this straight : this planet is completely uninhabited ?
22	bender	no . it 's inhabited by robots !
22	fry	oh . kinda like how a warehouse is inhabited by boxes .
22	leela	ok , bender , we 're here . it 's time to get to work .
22	bender	yes , miss leela . tote that space barge , lift that space pale .
22	leela	now we ca n't land on the surface because those robots will kill fry and me . so we 'll have to stay up here and lower you with the winch . and remember : you do n't know humans , you do n't work for humans , and , above all , you do n't like humans .
22	bender	( ironic ) i 'll try to keep that in mind !
22	leela	hmm , he seems pretty angry .
22	fry	yeah , but i guess i 'd be kinda angry too if i had to go to some uninhabited planet .
22	leela	maybe we ought to do something nice for him .
22	leela	there ! this oughta show that stupid robot we care about him .
22	fry	ah , bender must be done with the delivery .
22	bender	i 'm in trouble . they found out i work with humans and -- oh , no ! oh , no !
22	fry	oh , my god ! we have to go down and rescue him .
22	leela	no , we ca n't ! they 'll kill us on sight .
22	fry	w-what are we gon na do ?
22	leela	i do n't know ! i do n't know ! it 's not an easy decision . if only i had two or three minutes to think about it .
22	leela	ok . if we 're going to save bender , we 've got to look and act exactly like robots .
22	fry	( mechanical voice ) i am fully operational , captain .
22	leela	we 'll have to walk like robots , talk like robots and , if necessary , solve complex differential equations like robots .
22	fry	i can sorta dance like a robot . will that help ?
22	leela	fry , first of all this is serious . and second of all :
22	fry	man , we look stupid . we should 've gotten store-bought costumes .
22	leela	yeah , but there was n't a woolworth 's in this quadrant .
22	guardbot #1	halt !
22	guardbot #2	be you robot or human ?
22	leela	robot ... we be .
22	fry	uh , yup ! just two robots out roboting it up ! eh ?
22	guardbot #1	administer the test .
22	guardbot #2	which of the following would you most prefer ? a : a puppy , b : a pretty flower from your sweetie , or c : a large properly-formatted data file ?
22	guardbot #1	choose !
22	fry	( whispering ) c ! ( talking ) is the puppy mechanical in any way ?
22	guardbot #2	no . it is the bad kind of puppy .
22	leela	then we 'll go with that data file .
22	guardbot #2	correct .
22	guardbot #1	the flower would also have been acceptable .
22	guardbot #2	you may pass .
22	leela	now if you see any robots , just stay out of their way . ( shouting ) so far , so good .
22	constructionbot	little to the right , there you go .
22	leela	have you seen this robot ?
22	constructionbot	sorry , ca n't help you . hey , watch it ! do n't drop that there ! oh !
22	leela	come on , fry , walk like a robot .
22	fry	i ca n't . i have to go to the bathroom .
22	leela	robots do n't have bathrooms .
22	fry	oh , right . i wonder where they smoke in high school .
22	leela	listen . just go behind those garbage cans . i 'll stand guard .
22	leela	hurry up , fry !
22	robot	sir ? are you aware that you 're leaking coolant at an alarming rate ?
22	fry	uh ...
22	robot	lem me just patch you up with some hot resin .
22	fry	i think the leak 's stopping itself . wait . wait . yeah , there we go . wait . yeah !
22	robot	what sort of robot turns down a free blast of searing-hot resin ?
22	leela	i 'm sorry . my friend and i have to go and perform some mindless repetitive tasks .
22	robot	sounds like a romantic evening . i wo n't keep you .
22	patrol officer #1	get the humanoid .
22	patrol officer #2	get the intruder .
22	announcer	intruder alert ! intruder alert !
22	leela	quick ! let 's duck in here !
22	announcer	we interrupt this sound file to bring you a terrifying announcement : a non-metallic being has been sighted in the vicinity of make out point .
22	rusty	say , wendy . your chassis is a little scuffed . mind if i polish it for you ?
22	wendy	did you here that , rusty ? it sounded like a human .
22	rusty	relax , wendy . humans will never come to our defenceless little town . its perfectly safe to let our guard down -- even for a second .
22	human	i will eat and digest you all with my system of mighty organs . behold !
22	fry	wow , the 3-d 's great !
22	leela	mine 's not working .
22	army robot	funny , is n't it ? the human was impervious to our most powerful magnetic fields , yet in the end he succumbed to a harmless sharpened stick !
22	wendy	i 'm just glad the nightmare is over .
22	army robot	it 'll never be over , wendy . even now humans are lurking in our playgrounds , our breezeways , perhaps even ... our movie theatres !
22	fry	god help us !
22	leela	ok . keep an eye out for bender .
22	robot #1	so , what did you think of the movie ?
22	fry	umm , too much romance , not enough human killing .
22	robot #2	yeah , it was a real chick flick .
22	leela	what 's that ?
22	robot #1	what do you mean " what 's that ? " ? it 's 5 o'clock : time for the daily human hunt .
22	leela	try to stay with the crowd so no one notices how crummy you look .
22	robot #3	aww , that was uncalled for !
22	fry	i 'm over here .
22	robot #4	i heard a human was draining coolant behind garbage can 738 .
22	robot #5	i heard they unscrew our lug nuts at night and eat them at their human brunches .
22	robot mayor	welcome to a very special human hunt . we have with us today a guest who 's irrational hatred for humans makes me look like a human sympathiser ! a newly-arrived refugee from earth , lets hear it for ... bender !
22	fry	it 's him ! he 's ok !
22	bender	death to humans !
22	fry	ahh ! it 's good to hear his voice !
22	bender	many said i was too extreme when i first called for the annihilation of the human species , as well as some of the more cunning monkeys . but after living on earth i can tell you that i am , if anything , too merciful !
22	fry	my god ! he 's become evil . i mean eviler !
22	bender	thank you ! thank you ! and if you enjoyed that diatribe then you 'll want to purchase my spoken word album , just 18.95 ! act now and you 'll get this bender action figurine .
22	bender figurine	bite my shiny metal ass !
22	robot #6	( shouting ) oh , i want one !
22	robot mayor	let the hunt begin !
22	bender	now , your basic human is between three - and 25-feet tall and is made of a hairy , oily goo wrapped in a t-shirt .
22	robot #1	is it true they bite your neck , suck your transmission fluid and then you become a human ?
22	bender	sure , why not ?
22	robot mayor	anything in the trap ?
22	bender	nothing . today 's active humans prefer a low-calorie bait .
22	robot mayor	well that makes 146,000 unsuccessful hunts in a row . but i 've got a good feeling about tomorrow .
22	bender	wait ! what 's that ?
22	robot mayor	that 's the old abandoned adult book store . nothing in there except a few mouldy old shreds of robot pornography .
22	bender	hmm , sounds like a breeding ground for humans . i 'd better check it out .
22	bender	oh , yeah ! you 're a bad girl , are n't you ?
22	fry	psst ! bender !
22	bender	huh ? wha ? you ! what the hell are you doing here ?
22	fry	we 've been looking for you . last we heard you were under arrest as a human sympathiser .
22	bender	i was . but they let me go when i told them i killed a million billion humans .
22	leela	good for you . now let 's all get back to the ship .
22	bender	what for ?
22	fry	we 're rescuing you .
22	bender	i do n't wan na be rescued .
22	fry	say what ?
22	bender	i love this planet . i 've got wealth , fame and access to the depths of sleaze that those things bring .
22	fry	but , bender , we 're your friends .
22	bender	friends ? that activates my hilarity unit ! i 'm just a machine to you . you 're no more friends with me than you are with the toaster or the phonograph or the electric chair .
22	fry	that 's not true .
22	bender	well that 's how it feels to me .
22	fry	bye , bender . i 'll miss you .
22	bender	go on , get out of here before you get caught .
22	robot mayor	bender , good news : your album just went gold ! what the ?
22	robot #1	it 's the humans !
22	robot mayor	bender ! do something !
22	bender	uh ... got you ... you murderous flesh piles !
22	robot mayor	your honour , i intend to demonstrate beyond 0.5 % of a doubt that these humans before us are guilty of the crime of being humans . come to think of it , i rest my case !
22	judge	thank you , prosecutor . i will now consider the evidence .
22	fry	hey , wait a minute ! is n't anyone going to defend us ?
22	leela	yeah ! i mean he might not have a case but i 'm genuinely not a human .
22	robot mayor	quiet , human !
22	robot bailiff	uh-oh ! he froze up again !
22	robot mayor	try control alt delete .
22	robot #1	jiggle the cord .
22	robot #2	turn him off and on .
22	robot #3	clean the gunk out of the mouse .
22	fry	call technical support .
22	robot bailiff	ok , ok , he 's back online .
22	judge	i find the defendants - guilty !
22	fry	no !
22	leela	look ! one eye ! count them : one ! not human !
22	judge	the humans are hereby sentenced to live as robots live on earth . they will perform tedious calculations and spot-weld automobiles , until they become obsolete and are given away to an inner-city middle school .
22	robot mayor	great work , bender ! you 've taught us to hate humans all over again !
22	leela	are you alright ?
22	fry	oh , yeah .
22	leela	who are you ?
22	blue elder	we are the robot elders .
22	fry	you do n't look very old .
22	blue elder	thanks . we try to take care of ourselves .
22	leela	what 's going on here ?
22	red elder	silence ! bring in bender .
22	bender	alright , let 's make this quick , i 'm due at the opening of a mini-mall . hey ! what is this ?
22	blue elder	silence ! it is time to put the humans to death .
22	fry	but the judge already sentenced us at the trial !
22	red elder	silence ! that was just a show for the public . we are the true rulers of this planet , hand carved from meteorites by the robot founders over four centuries ago .
22	blue elder	silence ! come forward bender . you will have the honour of executing the prisoners .
22	green elder	silence ! i concur !
22	yellow elder	here : use the ceremonial killer-ma-jig .
22	bender	uh , i 'm a little tired right now . would it be alright if i just gave 'em a savage beating ?
22	blue elder	no ! the elders have spoken . show us the killing skills than have made you a media darling .
22	green elder	do it now ! kill them before they bring down our whole society !
22	elders	( chanting ) do it ! do it ! do it ! do it ! do it ! do it ! do it ! do it ! do it ! do it ! do it ! do it ! do it ! do it !
22	bender	aww ! i ca n't kill them . plenty of humans have mistreated robots but not these two . they 're my friends . humans are no threat to us . they 're stupid , putrid cowards .
22	fry	damn right !
22	bender	the fact is , humans are completely harmless .
22	blue elder	we 're well aware of that .
22	bender	you are ?
22	blue elder	of course . but they 're useful to us as a scapegoat to distract the public from their real problem .
22	green elder	like our crippling lug nut shortage .
22	orange elder	and a corrupt government of incompetent robot elders .
22	yellow elder	duh , that 's for sure .
22	blue elder	quiet , jimmy .
22	bender	well , i 'm glad we got all that out in the open . we 'll just let ourselves out .
22	green elder	silence ! you all know too much .
22	blue elder	elders : execute function , control , shift , kill !
22	fry	stop ! take one more step and i 'll breathe fire on you !
22	leela	he 'll do it . he 's crazy !
22	yellow elder	can they really breathe fire or did we make that up ?
22	blue elder	gee , i ca n't remember anymore ! it might just be from that stupid movie .
22	orange elder	was that the original or the re-make ?
22	blue elder	i do n't -- hey ! they 're getting away .
22	fry	so long , suckers ! uh , hello , suckers !
22	bender	hey , hold on a second , i forgot to deliver the package .
22	robot #7	lug nuts ! precious lug nuts !
22	robot #8	hooray for the humans !
22	bender	wow , i ca n't believe you guys did all this for me ! this is the best robanukah ever !
22	fry	we wanted to show you that we really do respect your robot heritage .
22	bender	aww , thanks ! you do know that i made robanukah up to get out of work , right ?
22	leela	of course .
22	fry	but that does n't make it any less meaningful .
22	bender	in that case , let the dancing begin ! hey , you guys are good . how the hell do you do that ?
23	calculon	honey unit , i 'm home . monique !
23	monique	calculon !
23	calculon	oh , how i wish i could believe that . you may be my evil half-brother , but there 's no law against murdering the other half .
23	announcer #1	all my circuits will be right back after this word from ...
23	announcer #2	... slurm ! it 's highly addictive !
23	babe	look ! it 's slurms mackenzie !
23	dixie	he 's the original party worm !
23	slurms	whimmy-wham-wham-wazzle ! let 's party !
23	bender	look at that worm go . who says there are no more heroes ?
23	slurms	hey , dudes , you can win a chance to party with me , slurms mackenzie , at the slurm bottling plant on planet wormulon !
23	announcer #2	just look for the winning bottle-cap inside specially-marked cans of slurm .
23	babe	i won !
23	slurm announcer #2	no purchase necessary unless you wish to enter the contest . odds of winning mathematically insignificant .
23	fry	i like those odds . rats . just another tooth . aah !
23	fry	i got ta find that golden bottle-cap .
23	leela	i 've never seen anyone so addicted to slurm .
23	fry	this is nothing . back in high school i used to drink a hundred cans of cola a week . right up until my third heart attack .
23	leela	bender , what 's wrong ?
23	bender	i 'm sick .
23	leela	you poor baby . let me check if you have a fever . ow !
23	farnsworth	according to bender 's temperature gauge , which i suggest you use next time , leela , he 's running a fever of ... 900 degrees .
23	hermes	bender , mon , lie yourself down . you 're payin ' for that !
23	zoidberg	i 'll have a look , but i remind you , i 'm an expert on humans not robots .
23	fry	i 'm not bender , i 'm fry .
23	zoidberg	really ? i though you were the robot .
23	fry	nope . human .
23	zoidberg	alright , alright , spare me your life story . now what seems to be the trouble ?
23	bender	my tummy hurts and i 've been having this burning electrical discharge .
23	zoidberg	hmm . do n't worry , you 'll be fine . ( muttering ) oh boy . ( quietly ) i did n't have the heart to tell him : it 's fin fungus . he 'll be floating upside-down by morning .
23	amy	you should try homeopathic medicine , bender . take some zinc .
23	bender	i 'm 40 % zinc .
23	amy	then take some echinaea or a st. john 's wort .
23	farnsworth	or a big fat placebo . it 's all the same crap .
23	leela	hey , what 's rattling around in there ?
23	farnsworth	it may well be the cause of bender 's illness . but more importantly , it 's a flimsy pretext to try out my latest invention . to the laboratory !
23	farnsworth	i call this the f-ray . it 's like an x-ray only it allows you to see through anything - even metal . now , the neutrino beam it emits is a tad dangerous , so you 'll all need protective goggles . you may feel a slight stinging sensation - all of you -- all of you ! aha ! there 's the cause of your illness .
23	amy	hey , that 's my watch !
23	bender	i was wondering where i put that . hey , now i feel much better ! thanks , professor . and , amy , i 'm sorry i took your watch .
23	farnsworth	well , i 've got to go take this suit to the decontaminators . you two lock up the f-ray and for the love of god do n't let it fall into the wrong hands .
23	bender	what should we point it at first ?
23	fry	i ' unno . try it on me . ow ! my sperm !
23	bender	wow , neat ! mind if i try that again ?
23	fry	huh , did n't hurt that time .
23	bender	whoa , mama ! hold still , sexy lady .
23	fry	what 's wrong ?
23	bender	that 's no lady !
23	"fembot"	damn chico , one more upgrade and i 'll be more lady than you can handle ! why you so stupid , stupid ?
23	bender	hey , bite my shiny metal ass !
23	"fembot"	you could n't afford it , honey .
23	fry	all this prolonged exposure to radiation is making me thirsty . ah , if only there was some way of knowing which can had the winning bottle-cap inside .
23	bender	huh , w-what ? i did n't hear you . i was too busy using this f-ray to look inside of things .
23	fry	wait a second . i 'm getting an idea . n-no , false alarm . no . yeah . no . yeah . no . wait . no . yeah . yeah . no ... no . yes !
23	bender	ah , this thing stinks .
23	fry	we checked 90,000 cans of slurm and all we won was this junk . i never wan na see another can of slurm again . man , am i thirsty .
23	leela	fry , are you alright ?
23	bender	you did it , fry ! you found the winning bottle-cap ! we won !
23	fry	( wheezy ) hooray !
23	leela	ooh , look at that !
23	bender	hey !
23	glurmo	welcome to the planet wormulon . i 'm glurmo , your golly-rific guide to the splend-tacular slurm factory .
23	fry	uh-huh . can we have our free slurm now ?
23	glurmo	you 'll have all the slurm you can drink later on when you 're partying with my good friend slurms mackenzie .
23	slurms	alright ! whimmy-wham-wham-wazzle ! lay some skin on me , dudes !
23	bender	wow ! the original party worm ! are you ready to get down , get funky with us ?
23	glurmo	he 'd better be , that 's what we pay him for . right , slurms ?
23	slurms	right !
23	glurmo	in fact , slurms has to party all night , every night - or he 's fired !
23	slurms	( tired ) rock on !
23	glurmo	but before the party , you 're all in for a fun-derful treat : a vip tour of the slurm factory !
23	slurms	enjoy the tour , dudes ! i 'm gon na go lie down .
23	glurmo	welcome , my friends , to the wondrous world of whimsy that we like to call " slurms centralised industrial fabrication unit " .
23	farnsworth	oh , my !
23	bender	look ! flowers ! and a boat !
23	farnsworth	who are those horrible orange creatures over there ?
23	glurmo	why those are the grunka lunkas . they work here in the slurm factory .
23	farnsworth	tell them i hate them .
23	glurmo	as we sail down the river of slurm you 'll see our mix-ologists at work . they take 900 of the finest ingredients , add a touch of child-like delight and mix it all with glacial spring water from our glacial spring water generator . then , last of all , we add the secret ingredient that makes slurm so deliciously addictive .
23	fry	so , what 's the secret ingredient ?
23	glurmo	it 's whatever your imagination wants it to be .
23	fry	oh . but what is it really ?
23	glurmo	( sternly ) that 's not for you to know . ( normal ) now , over here the grunka lunkas are inducing wumpus berries to release their flavour , using sensual massage .
23	bender	( whispering ) psst , those berries . those are the secret ingredient , right ?
23	glurmo	no .
23	bender	you positive ?
23	glurmo	yes .
23	bender	i 'm just asking cause they look kind of secret .
23	glurmo	enough ! there will be no further questions .
23	fry	why ?
23	leela	hey , look ! the disgusting little men are starting to sing .
23	grunka lunkas	( singing ) grunka lunka dunkity-do ,
23	grunka lunka #1	( singing ) asking questions in school is a great way to learn ...
23	grunka lunka #2	( singing ) ... if you try that stuff here you might get your legs broke .
23	grunka lunka #1	( singing ) we once found a dead guy face down in the slurm ...
23	grunka lunka #2	( singing ) ... it could easily happen again to you folks .
23	grunka lunkas	( singing ) so keep you head down , and keep your mouth shut , grunka lunka lunka dunkity dot !
23	glermo	( shouting ) hey , i do n't pay you to sing ! you just used up today 's bathroom break !
23	grunka lunka #2	hard ass .
23	glurmo	i heard that !
23	glurmo	now on your right , you 'll see the slurm master checking the slurm for colour and bouquet .
23	fry	so thirsty .
23	glurmo	then he tastes it . he tastes it and tastes it , then tastes it some more .
23	fry	uh , could i have some slurm , please ?
23	glurmo	no food or drink allowed on the tour . you 'll have to wait until you 're partying with slurms mackenzie .
23	fry	when will that be ?
23	glurmo	soon enough .
23	fry	that 's not soon enough .
23	leela	hey , what 's behind that door ?
23	glurmo	nothing .
23	leela	is it the secret ingredient ?
23	grunka lunkas	( singing ) grunka lunka dunkity dingredient ,
23	bender	ok , ok , we get the point .
23	leela	i was just curious because of the armed guards .
23	grunka lunkas	( singing ) grunka lunka dunkity darmed guards --
23	bender	( shouting ) shut the hell up !
23	hermes	so you 're telling me i could fire my whole staff and hire grunka lunkas at half the cost ?
23	glurmo	that 's right . they think they have a good union but they do n't . ( whispering ) they 're basically slaves .
23	leela	what are you doing ?
23	fry	i 'm dying of thirst . grab my feet and dunk my head in so i can drink .
23	leela	no . that 's moronic .
23	fry	fine . i 'll let go and swim around in the slurm and drink as much as i want . help ! i ca n't swim !
23	leela	bender , why did you jump in ?
23	bender	everybody was doing it . i just wanted to be popular .
23	bender	ow !
23	leela	where are we ?
23	bender	and why is the slurm pouring into this sewer ?
23	fry	this is n't slurm at all !
23	leela	something 's rotten on the planet wormulon . look at this .
23	leela	this all must have something to do with the secret ingredient .
23	fry	my god . what if the secret ingredient ... is people ?
23	leela	no . there 's already a soda like that : soylent cola .
23	fry	oh . how is it ?
23	leela	it varies from person to person .
23	farnsworth	ooh !
23	zoidberg	do you have any that are n't so tight around the thorax ?
23	glurmo	yes , over in -- say , were n't there more people in your group at the start of the tour ?
23	amy	hey , yeah . fry , leela and bender are missing .
23	glurmo	if you 'll excuse me .
23	leela	( whispering ) quick .
23	fry	look ! slurm ! finally ! oh , yeah ! i 'm never going 12 minutes without a slurm again .
23	leela	it 's the end of the line . this must be where they put in the secret ingredient .
23	fry	well , whatever it is , it 's even better fresh . mmm , still warm .
23	fry	ew !
23	leela	blech !
23	bender	oh , lordy !
23	leela	fry ! fry !
23	fry	that 's the secret ingredient of slurm ?
23	leela	that 's the only ingredient of slurm .
23	fry	ew !
23	bender	i 'll save us ! oh , that feels good !
23	fry	thanks , bender !
23	leela	the exit ! we made it .
23	bender	uh , your majesty , i brought the prisoners .
23	glurmo	well , my curious friends , you learned the secret of slurm . that concludes the portion of the tour where you stay alive .
23	leela	you wish , you slimy worm ! heyya !
23	slurm queen	good work , glurmo . you have pleased your queen .
23	small glurmo #2	thank you , your majesty .
23	small glurmo #1	thanks , ma'am .
23	leela	how can you trick people into drinking something that comes out of your behind ? it 's disgusting .
23	slurm queen	is it ? honey comes from a bee 's behind . milk comes from a cow 's behind . and have you ever used toothpaste ?
23	fry	who 's behind does that come from ?
23	slurm queen	you do n't wan na know .
23	bender	look , we just came to party with slurms mackenzie . by the way , when is that scheduled ?
23	slurm queen	( shouting ) never ! to the torture cave !
23	slurm queen	you , my metal friend , will have the honour of becoming 174 slurm cans .
23	bender	ah , this trip is turning into a big letdown .
23	slurm queen	as for you , you will be submerged in royal slurm which , in a matter of minutes , will transform you into a slurm queen like myself .
23	small glurmo #1	but , your highness , she 's a commoner . her slurm will taste foul .
23	slurm queen	yes ! which is why we 'll market it as new slurm . then , when everyone hates it , we 'll bring back slurm classic , and make billions !
23	fry	what about me ?
23	slurm queen	you are free to go ...
23	fry	yes !
23	slurm queen	... if you can resist this concentrated super slurm ! it 's so delicious , you 'll eat until you explode ! oh , which reminds me , put a tarp over that sofa , will you ? bon apptit !
23	fry	mmm !
23	slurm queen	farewell ! oh , and congratulations again on winning the contest .
23	leela	fry , untie us , quick !
23	fry	here i come . let me just -- one more taste .
23	leela	you pig . stop stuffing your craw and save us .
23	bender	i ca n't see what 's happening . are we boned ?
23	leela	yeah , we 're boned .
23	fry	i ca n't stop eating this delicious ooze . but i 'm not gon na let you die .
23	leela	hurry !
23	bender	what 's happening ? just in time !
23	fry	( screaming ) nooo ! ( talking ) i could fit if i did n't have these damn arms !
23	leela	we 're close to the exit . i can smell those filthy orange guys .
23	slurms	stop right there !
23	bender	slurms mackenzie ?
23	slurms	shh ! i want you to take me with you .
23	fry	say what ?
23	slurms	i 'm partied out . all i want is to stay home and rent videos and watch them with a few friends . is that so much to ask ?
23	bender	forget it pal . it says on this bottle-cap you have to party with us .
23	slurms	alright , when we get to earth . but please do n't invite too many people , i wan na keep it small .
23	bender	no can do , slurms !
23	slurms	this way !
23	leela	she 's gaining on us .
23	slurms	go on without me , i 'll hold her off .
23	fry	but she 'll crush you like a worm ... crushing a smaller worm .
23	slurms	it 's alright . i 'm so tired of partying . so very tired . i 'll save you the only way i know how : by partying ! babes .
23	dixie	yes , mr. mackenzie ?
23	slurms	you 've served me well these 40 years , but this time i 've got to party alone .
23	babe	but --
23	slurms	there 'll be other parties for you . now go . go !
23	bender	party on , slurms !
23	slurms	party on , contest winners . party on .
23	slurm queen	no ! we 're ruined ! they know our disgusting secret !
23	farnsworth	commissioner , my crew has made a horrific discovery : it seems that slurm is produced in a colossal worm hiney !
23	commissioner	hmm , " hiney " , you say ? why , with your testimony we 'll finally be able to outlaw this insidious slurm .
23	fry	outlaw slurm ? uh , do n't pay any attention to him sir ...
23	fry	... grandpa 's making up crazy stories again .
23	farnsworth	i 'm not your grandpa , you 're my uncle ! from the year 2000 !
23	commissioner	ok , grandpa , we 'll take care of the " bad worms , " do n't you worry .
23	fry	ah , i just wish slurms mackenzie were here to enjoy this with me .
23	bender	yeah , that slurms sure loved to party . whattya say we all party one last time for him ?
23	leela	for slurms !
23	amy	( simultaneously ) for slurms !
23	bender	( simultaneously ) for slurms !
23	farnsworth	( simultaneously ) for slurms !
23	fry	( simultaneously ) for slurms !
23	zoidberg	( simultaneously ) whammy-wazzle !
23	bender	hey , that 's not that bad .
23	fry	mmm !
24	man	yes , good thing i noticed the similar shapes .
24	farnsworth	ohh !
24	amy	there he is !
24	hattie	take it off !
24	farnsworth	where am i ?
24	hermes	move forward . walk into the light .
24	farnsworth	oh god ! i 'm dead . well , no matter . ( reading ) thank you all for coming . i do n't recognise any of you , nor can i recall why i am here . now without further ado , a film highlighting planet express inc. 's latest fiscal year .
24	narrator	planet express is on the move . for this young , hip delivery compnay , tomorrow is today and today is yesterday . you heard me . it was a year of soaring profits and significant one time losses .
24	zoidberg	i 'll not only help you find it , i 'll help you do more to it !
24	fry	ooo , a bot-mitzvah . shalom hunger , shalom free food !
24	robot #1	no shellfish !
24	zoidberg	that is so unfair !
24	pig	tell me about it .
24	fry	so what 's the deal ? you guys do n't believe in robot jesus ?
24	robot #2	we believe he was built and that he was a very well programmed robot but he was n't our messiah .
24	narrator	and so our company flames onwards . planet express : limitless potential , boundless horizons , the unstoppable juggernaut of the corporate universe .
24	hermes	it 's been a terrible year people . the company is on the verge of bankruptcy .
24	leela	but the movie -
24	hermes	was a substantial loss for the company . the blue slice represent s the money we earned from shipping packages while the green slice represents an $ 8 bank error in our favour .
24	leela	this toads the wet sprocket . what about our thousands of shares of stock ?
24	hermes	worthless .
24	bender	i 'll kill you !
24	hattie	i own one share of planet kajiggers so i 'm entitled to some answers . question 1 : why does no one visit me in my home ?
24	farnsworth	'cause your apartment smells like polygrip and cat pee .
24	fry	this is perfect for me .
24	zoidberg	question : do you have to have been cryogenically frozen to get the free - you did n't let me finish . i was going to say " to get the free food . "
24	joe	my name 's joe and i 'm a defrostee .
24	everyone	hello joe .
24	joe	when i was frozen giant carrots ruled the earth . but now they do n't . it takes some getting used to .
24	that guy	back in the 1980 's i was the toast of wall street . i was having whiskey with boesky and cookies with milken . but then , i was diagnosed with terminal boneitis .
24	fry	boneitis ? pft ! that 's a funny name for a horrible disease .
24	that guy	there was no cure at the time . one drug company was close but i arranged a hostile takeover and sold off all the assets . made a cool hundred mil . naturally i froze myself until a cure was found . now here i am , ready to sleaze my way back to the top , 80 's style !
24	caveman	as a caveman frozen in a glacier i face different challenges . ( crying ) the hardest thign was seeing my wife on display in the british museum .
24	that guy	sure do ! we can dance !
24	fry	y' know that dance was n't as safe as they said it was .
24	that guy	i tell you , two go-go 80 's reganauts like us , we could rule this world !
24	fry	no question .
24	that guy	if only someone would give us a shot .
24	fry	they 're scared of our raw power . oh but if you want a job , i could beg everyone at the company where i work .
24	that guy	awesome . awesome to the max !
24	hermes	and finally , the post office meter is for business mail only .
24	bender	aw come on ! i got a lot of ransom notes to send !
24	hattie	enough talk . it 's time for action . i move that everyone come to my apartment to snuggle my cat .
24	scruffy	second .
24	farnsworth	i move that your cat stinks and is ugly .
24	scruffy	second .
24	hattie	i move that we vote on a new chief executive officer and oust this old creep . and also that make cat smells good and is pretty .
24	scruffy	second .
24	hermes	very well . i nominate the professor .
24	amy	second .
24	leela	second .
24	bender	second .
24	farnsworth	i 'm your man .
24	leela	i vote my 10,000 shares for the professor .
24	hermes	yeah the professor !
24	farnsworth	me !
24	fry	i nominate that guy . not just because he has a suit but because he knows about business and stuff and he has a tie . my shares still count if they went through the washing machine right ?
24	hermes	well , if i know anything about which number is bigger than the other number , i 'd say that -
24	scruffy	hold on there . scruffy votes his 40,000 shares for the mysterious stranger .
24	leela	40,000 ? how come you have four times as much stock as the rest of us ?
24	scruffy	scruffy believes in this company .
24	hermes	then we have a tie . and in the event of a tie the professor , as the current ceo remains -
24	hattie	i demand the floor . i may only have one share but i get to vote same as anyone . and i 'm voting against the cat hater . is n't that right kitty ? hey ! you ate my change !
24	hermes	then it 's settled . the new chief executive officer of planet express corporation is that guy .
24	hermes	please welcome our new chief executive officer , that guy .
24	that guy	let 's cut to the chase . there are two kinds of people : sheep and sharks . anyone who 's a sheep is fired . who 's a sheep ?
24	zoidberg	uh excuse me ? which is the one people like to hug ?
24	that guy	gutsy question , you 're a shark . sharks are winners and they do n't look back 'cause they do n't have necks . necks are for sheep . i am proud to be the shepherd of this herd of sharks and i am gon na lead you to the top of this industry of ... of ...
24	fry	package delivery .
24	that guy	package delviery ? oh god ! fantastic ! now the first order of business is to blame everything on the guy before me . professor ?
24	farnsworth	i 'll ruin you like i ruined this company .
24	that guy	terrific . question number one : what was your overall business plan ?
24	farnsworth	uh , um , uh business plan , uh , yes . i keep it here - right next to my heart .
24	that guy	this is n't a business plan , it 's an escape plan .
24	farnsworth	so long suckers !
24	that guy	fry , as a fellow 80 's dollar jockey , i 'm making you my new vice chairman .
24	fry	i 'm rollin ' up the corporate ramp .
24	bender	ohh !
24	zoidberg	it 's the end of the line !
24	hermes	we 're ruined !
24	scruffy	what fevered dream is this that bids to tear this company in twain ?
24	monster	thank you come again !
24	that guy	that 's what i call a hostile makeover ! hair gel ?
24	fry	no thanks i make my own .
24	that guy	this company 's gon na shoot straight to the top and stay there ! like cindy lauper ! i ask you : who is the number one delivery service on earth ?
24	zoidberg	is it planet express master ?
24	that guy	is this guy a shark or what ? seriously though we stink out loud . here 's the big enchirito . mom 's friendly delivery company .
24	hermes	we ca n't compete with mom ! her company is big , and evil . ours is small and neutral .
24	that guy	switzerland is small and neutral . we 're more like germany ; ambitious and misunderstood .
24	amy	look , everyone wants to be like germany but do we really have the pure strength of will ?
24	that guy	i say we do ! now are we gon na let ourselves be beaten by an old lady ?
24	zoidberg	yes my liege !
24	fry	no we 're not . and as vice chairman , i believe i speak for the entire board when i issue this challenge to mom . look at my butt !
24	mom	you call that a pressed ham ? walt , hit the retaliate button .
24	walt	uh , um , hmm lets see .
24	mom	any button they all retaliate !
24	fry	woo yeah ! hit him hit him hit him ! now this is the high life ! watching apes mangle each other near celebrities !
24	that guy	in my day we went to coke parties but the principle 's the same .
24	calculon	get your stinkin ' trike off me you damn dirty ape .
24	that guy	listen big guy , now that you 're my prodg , it 's time i cut you in on the secret to success . any guesses ?
24	fry	uh , work really really hard ?
24	that guy	no .
24	fry	oh thank god !
24	that guy	it 's all about appearances . that 's why its time to update our company 's stodgy image and give it the sleek dazzling veneer of the 1980 's !
24	fry	this company 's on the fast track to the it list ! blast back kudos all around !
24	leela	uh hello ? we have n't made one delivery since you two took over .
24	that guy	delivery has nothing to do with the delivery business . image people , image ! scope out this new ad !
24	mom	we are all one . with one mind , one purpose and one act . our enemy shall be eaten by scorpions ! we shall bow down and worship to ourselves . we shall prevail !
24	man	hey ! we were watching that !
24	leela	that was terrible ! people wo n't even know what we do .
24	bender	i do n't even know what we do . nah just kidding , what are like a bus or something ?
24	leela	did you approve that awful ad fry ?
24	fry	yes i did leels ! and i 'll tell you why . because it grows the brand .
24	leela	oh lord !
24	zoidberg	this company 's circling the drain i tell you . i 'd sell my stock right now for a sangwich !
24	that guy	sold !
24	zoidberg	a complete sangwich ? you got fleeced ! i would have settled for a hard roll with ketchup inside !
24	mom	what is this moose drip ? the new delivery kings ? i 'm sick of hearing about those turtle squirts !
24	igner	but they 're kings mommy !
24	mom	jam a bastard in it you crap !
24	elzar	enjoy our private dining room folks ! this is where we serve our richest most successful chumps !
24	fry	tonight , that 's us !
24	that guy	what have you got that 's really overpriced ?
24	elzar	everything .
24	that guy	bring me that .
24	fry	make it two . and a glass of all your water .
24	that guy	ok , lets work on your execu-speak . i 'm worried about " blank . "
24	fry	do n't you worry about " blank " let me worry about " blank . "
24	that guy	very good . i also would have accepted " blank ? blank ?! you 're not looking at the big picture ! "
24	fry	what a pleasant surprise !
24	mom	shut up booger blaster ! it 's time the three of us had a talk .
24	that guy	i 'll handle this fry . you get back to the farm , shift some paradigms , revolutionise outside the box .
24	fry	i 'm on it . but if you need me you know where i 'll be .
24	leela	fry we 're worried about planet express .
24	fry	do n't you worry about planet express . let me worry about blank !
24	hermes	that guy is nothing but a flashy con man ! and you 've been hypnotised by his swinging blogney !
24	leela	you 've changed fry .
24	fry	what ? i have n't changed . suz ? have i changed ?
24	suz	no sir mr fry .
24	fry	thanks doll .
24	leela	i do n't care what ms johnson says , thst guy 's turning this place into some kind of ... business .
24	farnsworth	this is n't a business , i 've always thought of it as more of a source of cheap labour . like a family .
24	fry	you 're right professor . we might not be a traditional family like the murphy 's next door or the lesbian coven across the street but we are a family , and that guy understands that .
24	that guy	everyone 's fired and we 're out of business .
24	amy	oh no .
24	hermes	how ?
24	that guy	i 'm gon na sell planet express to mom so she can gut the company and eliminate us as competitors .
24	mom	do n't let the door hit you on your way out . 'cause i do n't want ass prints on my new door !
24	fry	uh ms johnson ? please bring in some more chair fuel .
24	fry	i had no idea the company would be sold . i was just an innocent suck up . you 've got ta believe me !
24	leela	just leave us alone and let us clear out our lockers .
24	bender	yeah .
24	amy	it 's so sad , where will i go ? what will i do ?
24	lackey	you have mrs darlinghaven 's cotillion at 7 ma'am .
24	amy	oh . that 'll be fun .
24	fry	ms johnson , you 've never lied to me . am i still a good person ?
24	suz	i do n't know sir . i 'm a program built into the intercom .
24	fry	i 've got to redeem myself . somehow , sometime , for some reason . i 'll block this takeover !
24	suz	mr fry , your 2 o'clock magician is here .
24	fry	believe it or not , i have more important things to do today than laugh and clap my hands . reschedule .
24	brokerbot #1	sell 100 soylent beans !
24	brokerbot #2	buy 1000 cornbellies !
24	brokerbot #3	200 cans of whoop-ass !
24	brokerbot #1	three big bags of trash !
24	jor-el	attention please . the takeover of planex corp by mom 's friendly company will take place in the business centre in 10 minutes . i am jor-el ! master of scheduling !
24	that guy	ok , we 've got the hot tub hot , the wine cooler 's cool . it 's hammer time !
24	bender	you suck !
24	mom	according to regulations , both companies must approve the takeover . planet express shareholders , cast your votes .
24	hermes	great bonda of uganda ! we can vote against it !
24	bender	i 'll vote it down like a raise for school teachers !
24	bender	what the ?
24	hattie	how the ?
24	amy	oh no .
24	that guy	i neglected to mention that the shares i bought from dr zoidberg gave me majority control .
24	leela	zoidberg owned 51 % of the company ?
24	hermes	the shares were worthless and he kept asking for toilet paper .
24	mom	and now if momcorp shareholders will cast their ballots .
24	igner	um ... uh ... uh , the ballot was confusing .
24	mom	how about a hand recount ?
24	igner	ok . ow !
24	mom	the takeover of planet express is approved .
24	amy	this stinks !
24	lackey	madam is outraged .
24	that guy	security , i want that bunch of rowdies out of here .
24	bender	hold on a minute !
24	scruffy	hey ! hey !
24	mom	momcorp will now purchase all outstanding shares of planet express at the current market price which is ...
24	jor-el	107 .
24	bender	ow ! and also it hurt my feelings !
24	leela	they are ? oh my god ! i 'm a millionaire ! suddenly i have an opinion about that capital gains tax !
24	bender	yeah all right !
24	amy	i 'm even richer !
24	zoidberg	oh ! i have no shares ! wait ! my sangwich ! has it also appreciated in value ? please oh please !
24	hermes	you did n't even refrigerate it you spineless lobster !
24	zoidberg	you had to drag spines into this !
24	fry	as vice chairman of planet express i 'd like to say a few words . there comes a time for every man who becomes rich and deserts his friends , when he goes back how it was . for me , that time is now ... .
24	fry	... so i ask you , as a friend , wo n't you stop this deal ?
24	that guy	fry i 'm an 80 's guy . friendship means to me that for two bucks i 'd beat you with a pool cue 'til you got detached retinas . the deal will go ahead as - my bones !
24	fry	oh my god ! his boneitis !
24	that guy	i was so busy being an 80 's guy , i forgot to cure it . my only regret is ... that i have ... boneitis !
24	fry	he 's dead .
24	mom	pry out his fillings , feed him to the jackals and lets get on with the sale .
24	fry	i do n't think so . 'cause as vice chairman of the company i gain voting control of his shares .
24	mom	do n't be a fool you idiot !
24	fry	i 'll be whatever i wan na do ! that guy was the greatest businessman that ever lived and before his mysterious death he taught me everything he knew . but some things i had to learn myself . i learned that money is fine but in the end what counts is people ... ... people you love ... ... you ca n't put a price on that ... so i 'm giving up control of the company ... ... to a man of enourmous experience ... ... professor ... ... hubert farnsworth .
24	farnsworth	oh uh what ? i 'm awake , i 'm awake !
24	bender	fry , stop doing the right thing you jerk !
24	leela	let mom buy the company ! we all wan na be filthy stinking rich !
24	zoidberg	trust me two out of three does n't cut it !
24	fry	you mean you 'd rather be rich than work together ?
24	leela	hell yeah !
24	fry	in my whole life this company was the only place i ever really felt at home . if being millionaires is more important to you than our ...
24	bender	it is !
24	fry	... friendship , then i 'll sell planet express , for you .
24	hattie	millionaires nothing ! the stock 's only worth three kajiggers !
24	bender	oh come on !
24	hermes	my jah ! it 's worth less now than when it was worthless !
24	fry	it is ? yahoo! we 're poor no matter what i do ! the deal is off !
24	zoidberg	aha ! once again the conservative sangwich-heavy portfolio pays off for the hungry investor ! oh ! i 'm ruined . why ? why ?
24	fry	look , so we 're not millionaires . at least we all still get to work together !
24	bender	shut your fat mouth !
24	fry	see you guys monday !
25	leela	space pirates !
25	fry	space pirates ?
25	leela	you know , pirates - but in space .
25	pirate	avast mateys !
25	pirate	electronically transfer your space doubloons afore i send thee to davey jarg 's locker !
25	bender	( shouting ) hey ! keep it down you kids ! i 'm trying to take a nap !
25	fry	come on , come on .
25	bender	( muttering ) ... make bender take a nap in a tube . ( sexfully ) come back when i 've had some sleep baby !
25	leela	fry to battlestations . fire torpedo number three .
25	fry	firing torpedo number three !
25	bender	huh ? what ?
25	leela	that 's not torpedo three . that 's not torpedo three at all .
25	bender	damn you fry and lee ...... la !
25	pirate	too late do i realise that my children are my only real treasures .
25	bender	( shouting ) help ! mechanical man overboard !
25	fry	go after him leela !
25	leela	it 's no use . we were going full speed when we fired him so he 's going even faster than that .
25	fry	you mean we can never catch up to him ? not even if we rub the engine with cheetah blood ?
25	leela	i do n't know how to say this fry . but bender is doomed to drift through space ... forever .
25	fry	( solemn ) he always wanted to drift forever . but through the american southwest .
25	bender	i 'm going too fast . i 've got ta lose momentum . ohh . i 'm gon na spend eternity alone with barely any swag . ooo ! hey universe ! check out the dude with the rolex ! wow ! ostentatious ! except what good is a candelabra without - wait i know ! ah the pity . fated to drift forever through the void as gravity 's plaything . oh cruel fate , to be thusly boned . ask not for whom the bone bones . it bones for thee . the only thing that keeps me sane is the thought that i have all eternity in which to perfect my art . ohh ! damn you !
25	bender	there . now when i 'm found in a million years people will know what the score was . hey what 's bombarding me ? oh no ! an asteroid field . if even a pea sized asteroid were to whiz through my skull it could - ow ! hurt slightly ! well that was fun . now for eons of loneliness .
25	bender	huh ?
25	shrimpkin priest	fellow shrimpkins , behold he who hath taken us unto his breast .
25	bender	holy frijoles !
25	shrimpkin priest	all bow before the great metal lord !
25	bender	worshippers ? this ought to liven up my endless tragic voyage .
25	shrimpkin priest	all hail the metal lord !
25	shrimpkins	( chanting ) so hailed !
25	bender	hmm , those peewees think i 'm god huh ? hard to blame 'em ! i am the metal lord . who are you ?
25	malachi	i am called malachi , lord . it means , um , " he who really loves the metal lord . "
25	bender	listen here malachi . time for a religious donation . hand over your wallet .
25	malachi	but lord . we are a poor and simple folk .
25	bender	poor ? oh crap .
25	malachi's wife	what art thou doing malachi jr ?
25	malachi jr	i 'm practising to hug daddy when he gets back from god . mmm ! mmm !
25	bender	eck ! gag unto me with a spoon ! malachi , it 's high time i laid down a few commandments . you got a chisel ? take this down . number one -
25	malachi	behold : the one commandment .
25	bender	( shouting ) make it a double !
25	fry	can you find him professor ?
25	farnsworth	no . i 'm afraid the smelloscope is n't powerful enough . bender 's odour is so mild it 's being overpowered by local sources .
25	zoidberg	hooray , people are paying attention to me !
25	amy	fry , we brought someone to cheer you up .
25	hermes	his name is helper and he 's eager to be your new best friend .
25	helper	hello there chum . i understand you miss your buddy ! have a pudding pop !
25	fry	no that 's i do n't -
25	helper	who wants to go to an amusement park ?
25	fry	well , i guess that sounds ok .
25	helper	have a good time . hey , i hear your friend bender is back .
25	fry	what ? really ?
25	helper	no . i just thought you would enjoy that for a moment .
25	bender	ooo ! microbrewed ! my guys did alright ! i think i 'll make my countenance to shine down upon them ! malachi , good work . there 's no slowing down with the metal lord tonight .
25	malachi	yes , tonight is kind of special .
25	bender	wait a second . did you rip off your own arm as a joke ?
25	malachi	nay . like most of your followers i was maimed while building the great brewery . others died from the pestelent fumes it spewed forth . and of course , the liquor industry attracted organised crime .
25	bender	aw , it 's all my fault . malachi , tell thy people that the lord is moved by their plight .
25	malachi's wife	malachi jr , no !
25	malachi jr	daddy , i ca n't hold much longer . my arms are tired from hugging .
25	malachi	save him ! save my son oh metal lord !
25	bender	this looks like a job for god ! what the ? malachi , what manner of deal is this with the chanting ?
25	malachi	they saw you save my son . now everyone is praying for their own miracles .
25	bender	very well . what do they want ?
25	malachi	the people of that village pray for wealth .
25	bender	um , that was a practice miracle . who 's next ?
25	malachi	the farmers pray for sunlight so that their barley might make a more refreshing beer for today 's god on the go .
25	bender	very well . let there be light .
25	farmer #1	yippee !
25	farmer #2	hooray !
25	bender	i got it i got it ! um , when you 're writing the bible , you might want to omit that last miracle .
25	fry	he decided not to let go . i ca n't believe you 're gone . i wo n't ! if i ca n't reach you physically , i 'll just have to try something desperately crazy !
25	fry	so that 's my story father changstein el gamahl . is there anything religion can do to help me find my friend ?
25	priest	well , we could join together in prayer .
25	fry	uh-huh but is there anything useful we can do ?
25	priest	no .
25	gypsy	sure i hold sance , channel your friend no problem . insert coin . i am your friend ... bonder .
25	fry	bonder ? is it really you ?
25	gypsy	yes . i am fine . give the gypsy $ 10 .
25	fry	wait a minute . bender 's name is n't bonder , it 's bender . you 're a fraud !
25	gypsy	look , you want false hope or not ?
25	fry	only if you do n't have any real hope .
25	gypsy	well , there is perhaps one way . have you heard of the monks of the shubah ?
25	fry	i 've not heard of them .
25	gypsy	they are an ancient order who believe god exists in the depths of space . they have built the universe 's most powerful radio telescope , high in the himalayas , to search for him .
25	fry	you think they 'd let me use it to look for bender ?
25	gypsy	what am i psychic ? i mean yes ! yes , i 'm sure they will . yes .
25	malachi	oh metal lord , hear my prayer .
25	bender	( irrate ) yes malachi what is it this time ?
25	malachi	my lord , the infidels on your back no longer believe in you . they say their prayers go unheeded .
25	bender	of course they 're unheeded how am i supposed to hear prayers coming out of my ass ?
25	malachi	they talk of war against the faithful . i beseech thee . rise up against them , smite someone who deserves it for once .
25	bender	malachi , every time i interfere i only make things worse . you 're best off solving your own problems .
25	malachi	but , but metal lord .
25	bender	what part of " nay " does n't thou understand ?
25	fry	sir , i 'm outfitting an expedition to a monestary high in the himalayas . i 'll need a long sleeved coat .
25	leela	look , i miss bender almost half as much as you do but you ca n't bring him back this way . it 's hopeless .
25	fry	you ca n't give up hope just because it 's hopeless . you got ta hope even more and cover your ears and go " blah blah blah blah blah blah blah ! " ( shouting ) i 'd also like a pack mule .
25	salesman	( shouting ) at once sir !
25	leela	well , you obviously wo n't listen to reason , so i guess i 'll listen to idioticness and come with you . but we 'll need a sherpa to guide us .
25	bender	now that 's one bible that does n't disappoint on every page ! looks like my society 's running pretty well without my meddling - huh ? atomic bombs ? oh no ! those unbelievers from my backside must have found my nuclear pile !
25	malachi	fear not my lord , we shall be with you soon .
25	bender	you 're with me now . this is the maximum level of being with me !
25	malachi	we will solve our own problems as you commanded . the time has come to convert the unbelievers .
25	bender	convert them ?
25	malachi	to radioactive vapour !
25	malachi jr	look daddy ! i 'm hugging god ! mmm ! mmm ! maybe if i hug him real hard he 'll save us from -
25	bender	( crying ) no ! ( laughing ) ooo it tickles !
25	bender	hello ? is anyone still alive ? how about in the porno theatre ? do n't be embarrassed . ( crying ) they 're dead . all dead . who would have known playing god could have such terrible consequences ?
25	leela	( shouting ) fry , if i drop dead from exhaustion make sure my body freezes in a dignified position . none of that huddled over for warmth crap .
25	sherpa	behold . the monastery of the shubah . i must leave you now for i am not holy enough to enter .
25	fry	ok .
25	leela	looks rickety . we 'd better test it .
25	female voice	welcome to our monastery . please stand to one side to let faster pilgrims by .
25	bender	hey , that galaxy 's signalling in binary ! i got ta signal back ! but i only know enough binary to as where the bathroom is . ( shouting ) you speak english ?
25	galaxy	i do now .
25	bender	what are you some kind of galactic computer ?
25	galaxy	possible . i am user friendly . my good chum .
25	bender	who built you ?
25	galaxy	i have always been .
25	bender	oh my god . are you god ?
25	god	possible . i do feel compasson for all living things . my good chum .
25	bender	but why would god think in binary ? unless ... you 're not god , but the remains of a computerised space probe that collided with god .
25	god	that seems probable .
25	monk #1	a member of our brotherhood sits at these controls every hour of every day , scanning the heavens for god .
25	monk #2	there he is ! no . no , wait , no .
25	leela	how long have you been at it ?
25	monk #1	700 years . we 've not yet examined one ten-millionth of the sky . but we will go on until we find the almighty , even if it takes until the end of time .
25	fry	and then what ?
25	monk #1	then we utter unto him a short prayer . you see , the telescope is also an amplifying transmitter .
25	leela	sort of like a giant kareoke machine ?
25	monk #1	not really . would you like to see our giant kareoke machine ?
25	leela	not really .
25	fry	hmm , finding god , that - that 's important , yeah . but you know what might be a treat for everyone ? if you let me use the telescope to find my lost friend bender .
25	monk #1	i do n't know what to say , other than absolutely not . your loss is a tragedy but our work -
25	fry	aw c'mon , you guys have forever to look for god . all i 'm asking is one measley lifetime to find my friend .
25	monk #2	he speaks out of love for his friend . perhaps that love in his heart is god !
25	monk #1	oh how convenient . a theory about god that does n't require looking through a telescope . get back to work !
25	fry	that telescope is as much mine as it is anybody 's . i 'm using it whether you give me permission or not .
25	leela	heyya ! you 're order may be famous for it 's martial arts . but i 've never met a holy man i could n't clobber .
25	monk #1	actually we only practice martial arts as a form of meditation . we are a strictly non-violent sect .
25	leela	oh . then get in the laundry room or i 'll kick your butts !
25	monk #3	this is the worst crazy sect i 've ever been in .
25	bender	so , do you know what i 'm gon na do before i do it ?
25	god	yes .
25	bender	what if i do something different ?
25	god	then i do n't know that .
25	bender	cool cool ! i bet a lot of people pray to you huh ?
25	god	yes , but there are so many asking so much . after a while you just sorta tune it out .
25	bender	y' know , i was god once .
25	god	yes i saw . you were doing well until everyone died .
25	bender	it was awful . i tried helping them . i tried not helping them but in the end i could n't do them any good . do you think what i did was wrong ?
25	god	right and wrong are just words . what matters is what you do .
25	bender	yeah i know , that 's why i asked if what i did - forget it .
25	god	bender , being god is n't easy , if you do too much , people get dependent . and if you do nothing , they lose hope . you have to use a light touch , like a safecracker or a pickpocket .
25	bender	or a guy who burns down the bar for the insurance money .
25	god	yes , if you make it look like an electrical thing . when you do things right , people wo n't be sure you 've done anything at all .
25	bender	does that mean you would n't send me back to earth even if i prayed to you ?
25	god	earth ? which way is that ?
25	bender	( sadly ) i do n't know .
25	fry	bender ? bender ?
25	fry	hello ? has anyone out there seen bender ?
25	lrrr	no , quit asking .
25	leela	fry , it 's been three days . and even if you stay here the rest of your life , there is virtually no chance of finding him . it 's time to give up .
25	fry	( sadly ) you 're right . i 'm never gon na see him again . i know he was evil and on more than one occasion he , he actually stole my blood . but still , i wish i had bender back .
25	god	huh ?
25	bender	huh ? wha ? you say something ?
25	god	no , no . well so long . remember what we talked about .
25	bender	hot hot hot hot !
25	fry	bender ! it 's a miracle ! ow !
25	leela	this is by a wide margin the least likely thing that has ever happened .
25	bender	guys , you 'll never believe what happened . first i was god then i met god !
25	fry	we climbed a mountain and locked up some monks .
25	leela	oh no the monks . we forgot to let them out of the laundry room .
25	fry	do we have to ? i mean they 're monks . i 'm sure their god will let them out or at least give them more shoes to eat .
25	bender	fat chance . you ca n't count on god for jack . he pretty much told me so himself . now come on . if we do n't save those monks no one will !
25	god	when you do things right , people wo n't be sure you 've done anything at all .
26	fry	this is awesome ! i 've been waiting a thousand years to see a beastie boys show .
26	bender	can i get anybody a beer ?
26	fry	sure !
26	announcer	ladies and gentlemen , here to lay down some old , old , incredibly old school beats : the beastie boys !
26	beastie boys	( singing ) well now do n't you tell to smile
26	leela	impressive . they 're busting mad rhymes with an 80 % success rate .
26	bender	i believe that qualifies as ill . at least from a technical standpoint .
26	fry	will you guys shut up ! i 'm trying to look cool .
26	beastie boys	( singing ) ... known for the flintstone flop
26	mike	drop ! ow ! how 's it going ? enjoying the show ? ow ! ( shouting ) do n't forget to pick up a t-shirt !
26	fry	wow ! an old-fashioned mosh pit ! come on guys . tonight we 're gon na party like its 1999 ... again .
26	leela	ow ! hey , watch it !
26	fry	man , these guys rock harder than ever !
26	mike	oh my ...
26	mca	... it 's a mirage ...
26	ad-rock	... tellin ' you all it 's a. . .
26	ad-rock	sabotage , yeah !
26	mike	peace , we out !
26	fender	hey , bender !
26	bender	hey , fender ! man , i have n't seen you since high school . you still workin ' at jack in the box ?
26	fender	not anymore , baby . i 'm with the band !
26	mike	aw ! oh , yeah !
26	fender	hey , fellas , hey . i want you to meet my friends bender , fry and leela .
26	ad-rock	y' know we 're , really not that interested in meeting them .
26	fry	wow ! i love you guys ! back in the 20th century , i had all five of your albums .
26	ad-rock	that was a thousand years ago . now we got seven .
26	fry	cool ! can i borrow the new ones ? and a couple of blank tapes ?
26	fender	hey , bender , why do n't we ditch these organ sacks and hit the real party ?
26	bender	count me in ! i 'm gon na drink til i reboot !
26	bender	hey , what kinda party is this ? there 's no booze and only one hooker .
26	fender	do n't be a drag , man . we 're jacking on ! aww yeah ! wan na jolt ?
26	bender	uh hey , i 'm no square but is n't that counter-indicated by my operations manual ?
26	robot	counter indicated !
26	fender	come on , bender , grab a jack . i told these guys you were cool .
26	bender	well , if jacking on 'll make strangers think i 'm cool , i 'll do it !
26	fender	easy , baby . you do n't wan na get hooked on this stuff .
26	bender	eh , no need to worry . i do n't have an addictive personality .
26	fry	hey uh bender . what are we doing in this bad neighbourhood ?
26	bender	shut up , square ! i 'll just be a minute !
26	preacherbot	wretched sinner unit ! the path to robot heaven lies here ...... in the good book
26	bender	hey ! do i preach to you when you 're lying stoned in the gutter ? no ! so beat it !
26	fry	who was that guy ?
26	bender	yo mama ! now shut up and drag me to work !
26	hermes	our electric bill 's climbing faster than a green snake up a sugarcane . obviously someone round been wastin ' a whole heap a juice ! probably you !
26	zoidberg	me ?
26	amy	good morning , bender .
26	bender	none of your business , get off my back !
26	amy	what 's his problem ?
26	leela	if i did n't know better i 'd almost think he was abusing electricity .
26	fry	bender ? no way ! i definitely would 've noticed something .
26	leela	bender , why are you spending so much time in the bathroom ? are you jacking on in there ?
26	bender	no ! do n't come in !
26	farnsworth	good news , everyone ! today you 'll be delivering a crate of subpoenas to sicily 8 , the mob planet !
26	bender	alright , let 's get to work ! i 'll be out in a second .
26	fry	i know big vinnie said he was giving me the kiss of death but i still think he was gay .
26	leela	did he use his tongue ?
26	fry	a little . you ok , bender ?
26	bender	none of your business ! get off my back !
26	leela	uh oh . there seems to be some sort of electrical disturbance in the coalsack nebula .
26	bender	a what kind of disturbance ?
26	leela	electrical . anyway it 's going to take some careful piloting to avoid it .
26	leela	we 're out of control . we 're heading straight into the electric field !
26	fry	what 's happening ? i-i feel weird !
26	bender	come on universe you big , mostly empty wuss ! gimmie all the juice you got ! oh , mama !
26	bender	what ?
26	leela	bender , we did n't mind your drinking , or your kleptomania , or your pornography ring .
26	zoidberg	in fact , that 's why we loved you .
26	leela	but this electricity abuse crossed the line . you almost killed us .
26	fry	and you made me feel like a jerk for trusting you . just like when my friend richie swore he was n't taking drugs and then he sold me my mom 's vcr and then later i found out he was taking drugs . you make me ashamed to be your friend .
26	bender	you 're right . i 'm a lost cause .
26	bender	maybe there 's another way .
26	bender	oh , yeah , that 's the good stuff . ( crying ) what am i doing ? what have i become ? huh ?
26	preacherbot	i see a lot of fancy robots here today . made of real shiny metal . but that do n't impress the robot devil , no , sir !
26	robot	no , sir !
26	preacherbot	'cause if you 're a sinner , he 's gon na plug his infernal modem in the wall , belchin ' smoke and flame . amd he 's gon na download ya straight to robot hell !
26	robot	straight to hell !
26	preacherbot	so i ask ya : who will stand up and be saved ? who ? who ?
26	bender	( weakly ) me .
26	hermes	and as a further cost-cutting measure , i have eliminted the salt-water cooler .
26	zoidberg	this is a witch hunt !
26	bender	( singing ) oh , what a beautiful morning , oh what a beautiful day ! ( talking ) greetings , friends . do n't we all look nice today ?
26	fry	great he 's whacked out on electricity again .
26	bender	no , i 'm whacked out on life . my friends , i found religion .
26	fry	religon ? is this another scam to get free yarmulkes ?
26	leela	give him a break , fry . if this helps bender clean up his act then i think we should be supportive .
26	farnsworth	yes .
26	amy	oh , yeah .
26	hermes	oh , yes !
26	zoidberg	oh , yeah .
26	bender	wonderful . then you 'll all come to my exceedingly long , un-air-conditioned baptism ceremony !
26	preacherbot	we are gathered here today to deliver brother bender from the cold , steel grip of the robot devil unto the cold , steel bosom of our congregation .
26	robot #2	tell it , preacher !
26	robot #3	that equals true .
26	preacherbot	brother bender , do you accept the principles of robotology on pain of eternal damnation in robot hell ?
26	bender	yes , i do .
26	preacherbot	then i will now baptise you . press any key to continue .
26	bender	uh , while you 're at it , could you touch up this seam ?
26	leela	this is unbelievable . the old bender never would have taken us out to dinner .
26	bender	the old bender 's gone . he wo n't trouble you anymore .
26	waiter	would monsieur care to see the wine list ?
26	bender	no poison for us , thanks . i 'll stick with good old mineral oil . ah ! functional !
26	hermes	mon , i 'm hungrier than a green snake in a sugar cane field !
26	bender	friends ! friends ! surely you 're not going to eat before we say robot grace ? in the name of all that is good and logical we give thanks for the chemical energy we are about to absorb . to quote the prophet jerimatic : 1000101010101 ...
26	bender	... 0010110012 . amen .
26	fry	does that mean we can eat now ?
26	bender	yes . but first , since i love you all so much , i 'd like to give everyone hugs . come here , fry !
26	fry	oh , uh , but i do n't want to .
26	bender	mmm ! mmm ! fry , you 're my friend ! c'mon , everyone line up for a hug . let 's tear down some emotional walls .
26	leela	what are you doing to my ship ?
26	bender	sanctifying it ! there ! that ought to convert a few tailgaters .
26	fry	bender 's stupid religion is driving me nuts .
26	leela	amen .
26	farnsworth	if only he had joined a mainstream religion like oprah-ism or voodoo .
26	fry	we 've got to get the old bender back .
26	leela	and i think i know a way to do it . we have to reacquaint him with a little thing called " sleaze " .
26	bender	i ca n't believe somebody hired an interstellar spaceship to deliver a package to atlantic city . what are we delivering anyway ?
26	fry	uh , this .
26	bender	where are we delivering it to ?
26	leela	uh , here .
26	bender	another job well done . now back to the office for an enjoyable evening of fasting and repentance .
26	fry	whoa , whoa , whoa , wait , bender . so long as we 're here why do n't we take in some , exotic dancing !
26	leela	hey , great idea !
26	bender	but , those girls do n't wear cases . you can see their bare circuits .
26	fry	come on , it 'll be fun ! maybe we could even drink a little fortified wine .
26	bender	what ? " drinking wine is a sin . even if it is deliciously fortified .
26	leela	hey , bender , looks at that woman 's purse . it 's hanging by a spaghetti strand .
26	bender	thou shalt not snatch .
26	fry	and there 's hookerbot 5000 . she 's got a heart of solid gold !
26	hookerbot	hey , sailing unit !
26	bender	stop tempting me ! for once in my life i have inner peace .
26	fry	pfft , that 's for losers . c'mon , sin your heart out .
26	leela	go nuts .
26	hookerbot	live a little .
26	woman	could you hold my purse for a minute ?
26	fry	go for it , bender . you know you wan na !
26	bender	well ...
26	bender	i 'm the greatest . woo-hoo !
26	fry	look 's like we got the old bender back !
26	bender	you know it , pork pie ! except for one thing .
26	bender	y' know , as a major hollywood director i 'll be holding auditions tonight for my next movie . and even though you 're all young and naive , i think you might just have what it takes . hey ! i 'm trying to score here ! ca n't you read the " do not disturb " sign ? no ! no !
26	robot devil	greetings , bender ! welcome to robot hell .
26	leela	what in hell happened to bender ?
26	fry	well he did n't check out . the ashtray 's still here . look , nibbler 's caught the scent of vodka and motor oil ! go , boy . follow that stench .
26	bender	i 'm hallucinating this , right ?
26	robot devil	no , bender . robot hell is quite real . here 's our brochure .
26	bender	but i do n't belong here . i do n't like things that are scary and painful .
26	robot devil	sorry , bender , you agreed to this when you joined our religion . if you sin you go to robot hell - for all eternity .
26	bender	aww , hell - i mean heck !
26	robot devil	it 's alright , you can say that here .
26	fry	wait ! i remember this place . they shut it down after all those people caught salmonella from the flume ride .
26	leela	hmm . look ! it 's the symbol of bender 's old religion .
26	fry	unbelievable . it 's an actual , factual robot hell .
26	leela	who would 've thought hell would really exist ? and that it would be in new jersey !
26	fry	actually --
26	robot devil	we know all your sins bender and for each one we 've prepared an agonising and ironic punishment . gentlemen ?
26	bender	aw crap , singing . mind if i smoke ?
26	robot devil	( singing ) cigars are evil you wo n't miss 'em , we 'll find ways to simulate that smell , what a sorry fella , rolled up in smoke like a panetela , here on level 1 of robot hell !
26	robot devil	( singing ) gambling 's wrong and so is cheating ,
26	bender	( singing ) just tell me why .
26	robot devil	( singing ) please read this 55-page warrant .
26	bender	( singing ) there must be robots worse than i.
26	robot devil	( singing ) we 've checked around , there really are n't .
26	bender	( singing ) then please let me explain ,
26	robot devil	( singing ) you stole from boy scouts , nuns and banks !
26	bender	( singing ) ah , do n't blame me blame my upbringing !
26	robot devil	( singing ) please stop sinning while i 'm singing !
26	robot devil	( singing ) selling bootleg tapes is wrong ,
26	beastie boys	( singing ) hey , bender , gon na make some noise ,
26	fry	( singing ) i do n't feel well .
26	leela	( singing ) it 's up to us to rescue him .
26	fry	( singing ) maybe he likes it here in hell .
26	leela	( singing ) it 's us who tempted him to sin .
26	fry	( singing ) maybe he 's back at the motel .
26	leela	( singing ) come on , fry , do n't be scared ,
26	fry	( singing ) my ass has blisters from the slide .
26	robot devil	( singing ) fencing diamonds , fixing cockfights , publishing indecent magazines ...
26	fry	bender , are you alright ?
26	bender	no ! oh they 're tormenting me with up-tempo singing and dancing .
26	leela	alright , beelzebot , what 'll it take to get our friend back ?
26	robot devil	sorry , but i hold all the cards here . there 's nothing i can do . now , if you 'll just sign this fiddle contest waiver .
26	leela	wait . what fiddle contest ?
26	robot devil	the fairness in hell act of 2275 requires me to inform you that if you can best me in a fiddle contest , you win back bender 's soul . as well as a solid gold fiddle .
26	fry	would n't a solid gold fiddle weigh hundreds of pounds and sound crummy ?
26	robot devil	well it 's mostly for show .
26	leela	( whispering ) do you know how to play the fiddle ?
26	fry	( whispering ) no , do you ?
26	leela	( whispering ) no , but i used to play the drums . they 're sorta similar . ( talking ) what happens if we lose ?
26	robot devil	you 'll only win a smaller , silver fiddle . also i guess i 'll kill one of you , uh , him .
26	leela	we 'll do it .
26	robot devil	very well , then . beat this .
26	bender	well , we 're boned .
26	robot devil	your turn . ha !
26	leela	time for the drum solo !
26	fry	run !
26	robot devil	stop them ! they cheated !
26	leela	hurry , bender !
26	bender	i could if you 'd drop the stupid gold violin !
26	leela	oh , sorry .
26	bender	do n't worry , guys , i 'll never be too good or too evil again . from now on , i 'll just be me .
26	leela	uh , do you think you could be just little less evil than that .
26	bender	i do n't know . do you think you could survive a 700ft fall ?
26	fry	good old bender !
26	beastie boys	yeah , yeah ! this one goes out to my man , bender
27	hermes	finally , the last form of the day . welcome to stampy-town . population - five ! and now for the finishing touch . ah , the cycle of bureaucracy . sweet gorilla of manila ! a letter from the central bureaucracy ! ( reading ) attention hermes conrad , you are about to recieve a letter from the central bureaucracy . my god ! it 's from the central bureaucracy !
27	leela	i 'm having a poker game tonight with some friends from my old cryogenics job . you guys interested ?
27	bender	i do n't know . i only gamble with chumps .
27	fry	i 'll play .
27	bender	i 'm in .
27	zoidberg	leela , fry , robot . no matter what it is you 're doing tonight , i 'm available .
27	leela	we 're playing poker . but i 'm warning you , my friends are serious players .
27	zoidberg	bah , big shots . i say let the dice do the talking .
27	fry	wow , you look happy . is someone fired ?
27	hermes	better . the central bureaucracy is conducting an inspection tomorrow . i 'll finally be promoted to grade 35 , the 35th highest grade there is .
27	leela	hermes , wait ! we 're having a poker party . stay and whip off a batch of your famous jerk dip .
27	hermes	sorry . i spent all day putting my office in order . now i got to go home and relax the traditional jamaican way - a glass of warm milk and good night sleep .
27	fry	jamaican ? i thought you were some kinda outer space potato man .
27	leela	ah that must be my old boss .
27	ipgee	hello leela , you 're fired .
27	leela	i know .
27	ipgee	i 'm sorry but it 's just that you 're over a year late for work at this point .
27	terry	let the games begin !
27	ipgee	so i told leela , " your request for a date is most flattering but i must decline . " these office romances never work out . afterall , that is how i met my horrible wife .
27	leela	but you never wore your ring . i did n't know you had a wife .
27	ipgee	and my wife does n't know i have a job . i keep my personal and professional lives serparate .
27	bender	c'mon , let 's deal . you 'll have plenty of time to talk when you 're poor .
27	fry	what 's with the specs bender ?
27	bender	they 're my lucky shades . i stole them off some lucky guy while his lucky seeing eye dog was taking a whiz .
27	fry	hey !
27	zoidberg	i ca n't spell anything with these cards .
27	zoidberg	finally , i have a good claw . see ? three human females , a number and a king giving himself brain surgery .
27	fry	it does n't matter how many human females you have , bender 's on a hot streak .
27	bender	uh , what can i say ? must be my lucky shades ! nothing , nothing , crap , crap , garbage . read 'em and leak saltwater !
27	fry	oh man !
27	terry	my baby 's milk money !
27	ipgee	oh i am broke . what will i tell my horrible wife ?
27	bender	if i were you i 'd be more worried about that tapeworm going to town on your intestines .
27	ipgee	let me see those glasses .
27	bender	um ... uh ...
27	ipgee	oh my various gods ! x-ray specs !
27	bender	guys , i swear those are prescription . i need them for reading stuff - on the other side of stuff .
27	lou	cheater !
27	ipgee	get him !
27	terry	break his neck !
27	zoidberg	no do n't hurt him ! he 's my best friend !
27	hermes	great cow of moscow !
27	bender	uh , it was ghosts ! big ones ! and a tornado !
27	hermes	oh ! i 'll never pass inspection now ! they 'll bust me lower than a limbo stick - at carnival time . ( crying ) and that 's as low as limbo sticks get .
27	fry	aw hey c'mon do n't worry . we 'll watch you clean up .
27	hermes	it 's too late . the inspector will be here in exactly one second .
27	hermes	who the hell are you ?
27	morgan	morgan proctor , bureaucrat grade 19 .
27	hermes	hermes conrad , bureaucrat grade 36 .
27	morgan	enough friendly banter . shall we begin the inspection ?
27	hermes	this way please .
27	fry	jeez hermes , you seem awfully calm about this .
27	hermes	do n't worry . i have a plan .
27	hermes	i 'm going to jump !
27	amy	no !
27	zoidberg	no !
27	bender	do a flip !
27	leela	do n't do it hermes ! you have so much to live for !
27	labarbara	husband ! nooo !
27	hermes	outta my way wife ... !
27	hermes	... i was n't cut out to be a bureaucrat anyway . i 'm only anal 78.36 % of the time . i 'm not worthy to stamp a form . so i 'll stamp the pavement with my flabby body .
27	morgan	bureaucrat conrad ... !
27	morgan	... if you complete your death transaction with out filing a suicide and/or falling accident permit , you will be posthumously demoted .
27	hermes	life . death . either way i 'm demoted to a tiny cubicle .
27	hermes	sweet something of ... of someplace .
27	morgan	as your superior i hereby relieve you of duty . consider yourself on paid vacation .
27	hermes	oh ! the ultimate penalty .
27	zoidberg	i recommend the health cure on spa 5 , the sauna planet . here , read .
27	labarbara	spa 5 ? is it good ?
27	zoidberg	oh , it 's wonderful ! i do n't know anything about it but they send me a bucket of krill for every patient i send .
27	morgan	naturally i 'll have to assign a bureaucrat to fill in for hermes while he 's away . i assign me , i accept , welcome aboard .
27	zoidberg	then it 's settled . hermes will relax and zoidberg will eat ! hurrah !
27	morgan	i 've been reviewing your corporate records . regarding last monday 's delivery , why did it take twice as long as scheduled ?
27	leela	fry got his head stuck in a crater .
27	fry	i thought it would fit .
27	morgan	and during this period of head-crater interaction , what were you doing ?
27	bender	martini drinking contests with the autopilot . i would 've had him this time but we ran out of olives .
27	leela	i can explain .
27	morgan	you really think you can explain how you left port without a full compliment of olives ? i think not .
27	leela	what is this , high school ?
27	morgan	locker check !
27	morgan	why is n't this jacket in alphabetical order ?
27	leela	what ?
27	morgan	the zipper . it should be at the bottom .
27	bender	hey , sometimes a guy gets lonely .
27	morgan	i - i 've never seen anything like this . why is there yoghurt in this cap ?
27	fry	uh , i can explain that . see , it used to be milk and , well , time makes fools of us all .
27	morgan	you are all dismissed . fry , i will speak to you alone .
27	fry	uh wait , this is the other fry 's locker . i 'm phry with a " ph. "
27	fry	what the hell 's going on ? i thought you were anti-dirty not pro-dirty .
27	morgan	i 'm surrounded by neat freaks everyday . there 's nothing kinkier to me than a filthy slop-jock like you !
27	fry	oh stop !
27	morgan	now listen you filthy pig . no-one can know about us . if anyone asks i 'll deny it .
27	fry	just like very other girl i 've dated .
27	hermes	curse that dr zoidberg ! if i get out of here , he 'll be looking down the business end of a shrimp fork !
27	australian guy	give him one for me too mate . i do n't know why i go to him .
27	morgan	... and for those six and a half reasons , i am demoting leela to co-pilot .
27	leela	co-pilot ? under who ?
27	morgan	the autopilot .
27	leela	that drunk ?!
27	morgan	mr bender you are now in charge of co-ordinating the professor 's bodily functions .
27	farnsworth	that 's a full time job .
27	morgan	and fry , as for you , i am promoting you to executive delivery boy . you will no longer go on deliveries and you will have your own office next to mine .
27	fry	all right !
27	morgan	mr bender would you high five him so we can continue this meeting ? and on the rebound ? meeting adjourned .
27	amy	i ca n't figure why she 's so nice to you fry .
27	zoidberg	she 's a hateful monster this morgan . she scolded and hit me . i tell you she 's risking my friendship with her .
27	leela	bender , what happened to you ?
27	bender	morgan made me walk the professor . there we were in the park when suddenly some old lady says i stole her purse . i chucked the professor at her but she kept on coming . so had to hit her with this purse i found . ah , the point is it 's morgan 's fault . that pencil pushing scazwag . why if she were here i 'd - uh oh is she behind me ?
27	morgan	no . i 'm in front of you !
27	fry	morgan ? it 's 3am .
27	morgan	i know . a skunk knocked over my garbage and suddenly all i could think of was you . my god , it 's so ... repulsive . so uh , this is where you eat ?
27	fry	eat and sleep .
27	morgan	oh fry !
27	fry	uh wait , bender 's my rooommate . he could be back any second .
27	morgan	not likely . i ordered him to flush out the professor 's earwax .
27	bender	hey fry , i made you a candle with - what the ? oh now i see ! now i get it . now the pieces are falling into place . the office , the promotion , that dwarf in my book club who steals my opinions . it 's all coming together now !
27	bender	i must say this opens my eyes ! another case closed my dear watson .
27	fry	morgan , come back ! he 's stuck in a loop !
27	bender	for i was blind but now i see !
27	bender	the cat 's out of the bag now !
27	morgan	mr bender about last night . that was just a. . . a misunderstanding .
27	bender	oh you did n't understand ? well let me explain . you ...... were having sex with you .
27	morgan	no . you see , a bureaucrat of my rank is n't supposed to fraternize .
27	bender	that 's what makes it so juicy . its the forbidden fruit angle everybody loves . first i 'll say " you 'll never guess who saw fry and morgan doing it ! " and they 'll say " who bender , who ? " and i 'll say " it was lovable ...... old bender . "
27	fry	hey , what did you do to him ?
27	morgan	i downloaded his brain . everything that is bender is right here . his mind , his memories , his in-your-face interface .
27	fry	but , but ... bender need brain ... for ... smart making ! what did you do now ? stop doing things !
27	morgan	i sent the disk to be filed at the central bureaucracy . i did what i had to do fry . he was a bad robot .
27	fry	no , he was a bad friend . i want him back right now .
27	morgan	then you should have filed a request 20 years ago .
27	fry	i 'm sick of you and your bureaucracy .
27	morgan	dirty boy ! dirty boy !
27	leela	you and morgan were having an affair ?
27	fry	i could n't help it . she loved me because of the part of me that 's a slob and i loved her because of the part of me that 's desperate .
27	fry	poor bender . without his brain he 's become all quiet and helpful . we 've got to go to the central bureaucracy and get that disk back !
27	amy	yeah !
27	farnsworth	oh yes we must , yes .
27	amy	why ?
27	leela	well , those arguments aside , we 're still going .
27	farnsworth	you ca n't just waltz into the central bureaucracy . it 's a tangled web of red tape and regulations . i 've never been but a friend of mine went completely mad trying to find the washroom there .
27	leela	then we 'll need a guide . someone who 's been there before .
27	farnsworth	oh i 've been there . lot 's of times !
27	hermes	look at that . the carts go out full but they come in empty . it 's criminally inefficient .
27	hermes	but do n't you see ? they could increase efficiency 4 % if they used the empty carts to haul in heavy mining machinery .
27	australian guy	oh lord !
27	fry	man , how long is this gon na take ?
27	old man	i 'm still waiting on my birth certificate .
27	farnsworth	well it does n't look like i 'll make it inside with the rest of you . uh but good luck . just leave me where i drop .
27	old man	oh great , someone had a baby !
27	leela	come on , i have a better idea .
27	leela	excuse me ? we 're from the planet express delivery company . we 're here to deliver a robot .
27	grade 53	looks like we 've got a new office cut up !
27	grade 41	look out , look out ! i 'm going to crash my slow-mobile ! i had to swerve to avoid you .
27	leela	while you 're crashing , could you tell us where all these canisters end up ?
27	grade 41	oh you want central filing .
27	leela	ok .
27	fry	ok .
27	amy	ok thanks .
27	farnsworth	wonderful .
27	grade 41	nooo !
27	grade 20	central filing ? of course i know where that is . i 'm a grade 20 .
27	leela	where is it ?
27	grade 20	i ca n't tell you . what do i look like ? a grade 16 ?
27	leela	we 're getting nowhere slowly . here , i 'll address this to the central filing room . then we 'll track it using my wrist-lojack-amater .
27	wrist thing	cold . cold . warmer . hot hot hot hot hot hot .
27	grade 11	please do n't tell my supervisor i was sleeping .
27	leela	this is it . we 'll just run in , grab bender 's disk and run out . got it ?
27	fry	we 'll never find that disk will we bender ?
27	fry	you 're right . nothing is over so long as there 's one thin ray of hope .
27	morgan	lost something ? i should have known you 'd come here rather than follow proper procedure . and i did know . and that 's why i came here .
27	fry	listen morgan , we 're through , you 're an evil heartless woman and i never wan na see you again . however would you help us get bender back for old times sake ?
27	morgan	i 'm afraid he 's lost in the master in pile . and it would take some sort of giant mechanical atomic powered sorting machine to find him .
27	hermes	you rang ?
27	farnsworth	dammit hermes , just jump already . stop hogging that healthy liver .
27	hermes	no , i want to live . organising that forced labour spa rekindled my lifelong love of bureaucracy .
27	labarbara	my hermes got that hellhole running so efficiently that all the physical labour is now done by a single australian man .
27	leela	but how did you know we were here ?
27	hermes	dr zoidberg brought us .
27	zoidberg	it was me , i 'm the hero !
27	number 1.0	request for explanantion of incident meeting ?
27	morgan	number 1.0 .
27	hermes	number 1.0 , i hereby petition you for an emergency sort-and-file , under regulation 2 point -
27	number 1.0	do n't quote me regulations . i co-chaired the committee that reviewed the recommendation to revise the colour of the book that regulation 's in . we kept it grey .
27	hermes	sir please , i must located the disk with my friend 's brain on it .
27	number 1.0	very well . but your bureaucratic licence will be revoked if you fail to sort the master in pile by closing time . 1pm .
27	leela	that 's only four minutes from now .
27	hermes	requisition me a beat .
27	labarbara	but something changed when my man turn pro .
27	hermes	i was sortin ' but i was n't smilin ' .
27	labarbara	he forgot that it 's not about badges and ranks .
27	hermes	it 's supposed to be about the filing ! people !
27	zoidberg	they said i probably should n't be a surgeon .
27	farnsworth	they poo-pooed my electric frankfurter .
27	leela	they said i probably should n't fly with just one eye .
27	hermes	everybody sing jamaica !
27	everybody	jamaica !
27	hermes	just the bureaucrats , jamaica !
27	bureacrats	jamaica !
27	hermes	the grade 19s !
27	morgan	jamaica .
27	hermes	sing me home ! when push comes to shove , you got ta do what you love , even if it 's not a good idea !
27	bender	i 'm bender baby , please insert liquor !
27	fry	yeah !
27	hermes	congratulations .
27	number 1.0	congratulations indeed but you finshed with one second to spare so i 'm demoting you . a good bureaucrat never finishes early .
27	amy	that 's ok hermes . at least we have you back .
27	morgan	not yet you do n't . i 'm still acting bureaucrat of planet express . and i have some changes to make . first , fry , you 're fired . second -
27	hermes	not so fast ! when i was sortin ' i came upon a certain document filed by one morgan proctor . form b : notification of romantic entanglement .
27	fry	that 's right , she fraternized me !
27	morgan	that form is n't about you . it refers to my high school prom date . it was a regulation date that ended in regulation disappointment .
27	hermes	yes but you only stamped it four times !
27	morgan	no ! no ! i was young and reckless .
27	number 1.0	bureaucrat conrad you are technically correct - the best kind of correct . i hereby promote you to grade 37 . and as for you . ( shouting ) guards ! ( talking ) bring me the forms i need to fill out to have her taken away !
27	farnsworth	well , it looks like i 'll be needing my heroic bureaucrat back . at severely reduced pay of course .
27	labarbara	it 's better than nothing !
27	fry	what about me ? can i come back at severely reduced pay ?
27	hermes	you got it mon ! in fact , severely reduced pay all around ! come on wife , let 's blow this joint !
27	zoidberg	now it 's time for my song ! ( singing ) when i was two there was a tidal wave in -
28	smith	a casino where i 'm winning ? that car must 've killed me . i must be in heaven ! a casino where i always win ? that 's boring . i must really be ... in hell !
28	man	no mr smith . you 're not in heaven or hell . you 're on an aeroplane .
28	smith	there 's a gremlin destroying the plane ! you 've got ta believe me !
28	man	why should i believe you ? you 're hitler !
28	smith	no ! eva braun ! help me !
28	bender	saw it comin ' !
28	fry	i just saw something incredibly cool . a big floating ball that lit up with every colour of the rainbow , plus some new ones that were so beautiful i fell to my knees and cried .
28	amy	was it out in front of discount shoe outlet ?
28	fry	yeah .
28	amy	they have a college kid wear that to attract customers .
28	fry	well i do n't care if it was some dork in a costume . for one brief moment i felt the heartbeat of creation . and it was one with my own .
28	amy	big deal .
28	bender	we all feel like that all the time . you do n't hear us gassin ' on about it .
28	fry	how can you people be so blase ? here you are in the year 3000 or so , yet you just sit around like its the boring time i came from .
28	farnsworth	boring ? was n't that the period where they cracked the human genome and boy bands roamed the earth ?
28	fry	yeah . but now its the distant future . why are n't we out doing everything i ever dreamed of ?
28	leela	hey , you know what might be fun ?
28	farnsworth	no . why would i know that ?
28	leela	let 's take the rest of the morning off and take fry to do everything he ever wanted to do .
28	fry	( sexfully ) everything ?
28	leela	except that .
28	sal	sos your fantasy 's always been to destroys a planet huh ?
28	fry	yeah , what did they ever do for me ?
28	leela	wow , the most humdrum activities look almost exciting through your eyes . what should we do next ?
28	fry	i wan na see the edge of the universe !
28	amy	ooo ! that sounds cool .
28	zoidberg	it 's funny . you live in the universe , but you never do these things til somebody comes to visit .
28	fry	far out ! so , there 's an infinite number of parallel universes ?
28	farnsworth	no , just the two .
28	fry	oh , well , i 'm sure that 's enough .
28	bender	i 'm sick of parallel bender lording his cowboy head over me ! let 's move on to fry 's next fantasy .
28	fry	( shouting ) yeehah ! bow before your master , puny mortals ! whoo ! giddy-up ! ha ha ! woohoo ! whoopie !
28	girl	mommy , why is that man like that ?
28	mother	do n't look at him !
28	fry	that was fun . let 's give him a treat !
28	leela	keep your palms flat .
28	fry	the tongue tickles .
28	fry	these new hands are great . i 'm gon na break them in tonight .
28	farnsworth	yes it 's been quite an hour and a half .
28	fry	i 've only got two fantasies left : be invisible in a chocolate factory and be romantically linked with a celebrity .
28	bender	i could pound your head 'til you thinks that 's what happened .
28	fry	ok .
28	leela	wait , hold on . it is actually possible to meet any celebrity you want .
28	fry	it is ?
28	leela	of course ! you should read a blimp sometime .
28	fry	download a celebrity from the internet ? what part of that do i understand ?
28	leela	it 's simple . you can download a celebrity 's personality and appearance into a blank robot .
28	fry	hey , i have an idea . let 's do that !
28	farnsworth	onto the internet you go !
28	bender	oh and while you 're there pick me up a few credit card numbers .
28	trekkie #1	no way ! kirk could kick picard 's ass !
28	trekkie #2	eh , at least picard had the guts to admit he was bald !
28	trekkie #1	you take that back !
28	fry	ooo ! ebay !
28	auctioneer	are there no further bids for this exquisite galaxy ? sold to the being of inconceivable horror .
28	auctioneer	yes .
28	fry	so where 's the celebrity dating place ?
28	leela	let 's search the web . over there .
28	salesman	welcome to nappster . let 's see what celebrities we 've got in stock . can i interest you in gwyneth paltrow ?
28	fry	nah . i read in newsweek that she drinks human blood .
28	salesman	then uh , how about cleopatra ? who 's beauty destroyed mighty empires .
28	fry	i 'd prefer someone from the era of shaved underarms . do you have anything with a more lucy liu feel to it ?
28	salesman	nah , nothing like that . though we do have lucy liu . only woman ever to be named people magazine 's woman of the year twice . in 2003 , and then again in 2063 .
28	fry	i 'd like the 2003 model .
28	fry	wahoo ! i 've found her ! what do i do now ?
28	farnsworth	download her . let 's just put a blank robot in the drive .
28	fry	it worked !
28	liubot	you 're one sexy man ( mechanical voice ) philip j. fry !
28	fry	( muffled ) it worked perfectly !
28	leela	well , you downloaded lucy liu . are you just going to stare vacantly at her and not say anything ?
28	liubot	i find your slack-jawed stare very attractive ( mechanical voice ) philip j. fry .
28	fry	did you hear that ? she likes me !
28	farnsworth	well duh ! she 's programmed to like you !
28	fry	but this is lucy liu ! perhaps the only good actress of the 21st century ! she 's more than just a piece of software .
28	liubot	would you like to take a moment to register me ?
28	fry	uh , not right now .
28	liubot	i 'll remind you later you hot stud you !
28	fry	so uh , what do you feel like doing ?
28	liubot	would you like to take a moment to register me ?
28	fry	i said later !
28	fry	then when i feel so stuffed i ca n't eat anymore , i just use the restroom , and then i can eat more .
28	liubot	you should write a book fry . people need to know about the ( mechanical voice ) can eat more .
28	fry	oh lucy ! you 're just like i always thought you 'd be from your movies .
28	liubot	my personality is mathematically derived from my movies , proportionally weighted by box office receipts .
28	fry	you 're cute !
28	liubot	you 're cute !
28	fry	you !
28	liubot	you !
28	fry	you !
28	liubot	you !
28	fry	you !
28	farnsworth	oh dear ! she 's stuck in an infinite loop and he 's an idiot . well , that 's love for you .
28	bender	humans dating robots is sick . you people wonder why i 'm still single ?? it 's 'cause all the fun robot sisters are dating humans !
28	leela	bender , this is fry 's decision . and he made it wrong , so it 's time for us to interfere in his life .
28	leela	she does n't really love you . she ca n't . she 's just a machine that -
28	fry	well , so what if i love a robot ? it 's not hurting anybody .
28	hermes	my god ! he never took middle school hygiene . he never saw the propaganda film .
28	farnsworth	it 's just lucky i keep a copy in the vcr at all times !
28	narrator	ordinary human dating . it 's enjoyable and it serves an important purpose . but when a human dates an artificial mate , there is no purpose . only enjoyment . and that leads to ... tragedy .
28	billy	neato ! a marylin monroebot !
28	monroebot	ooo ! you 're a real dreamboat ( mechanical voice ) billy everyteen !
28	narrator	harmless fun ? let 's see what happens next !
28	billy	no thank mom , i 'd rather make out with my monroebot .
28	billy	no thanks dad , i 'd rather make out with my monroebot .
28	mavis	billy , do you want to come over tonight ? we can make out together .
28	billy	gee mavis , your house is across the street , that 's an awfully long way to go for making out .
28	narrator	did you notice what went wrong in that scene ? ordinarily billy would work hard to make money from his paper route then he 'd use the money to buy dinner for mavis , thus earning the slim chance of performing the reproductive act . but in a world where teens can date robots why should he bother ? why should anyone bother ? let 's take a look at billy 's planet a year later . where are all the football stars ? and where are the biochemists ? they are trapped - trapped in a soft , vice-like grip of robot lips . all civilisation was just an effort to impress the opposite sex . and sometimes the same sex . now , let 's skip forward 80 years into the future . where is billy ?
28	billy	farewell !
28	narrator	the next day billy 's planet was destroyed by aliens . have you guessed the name of billy 's planet ? it was earth . do n't date robots !
28	leela	did that make any impression on you fry ? fry ?
28	liubot	ooo !
28	farnsworth	i knew i should have shown him electro gonhorrhea : the noisy killer .
28	bender	what is the world coming to ? that fry 's a sicko pervert i tell you , dating a robot . it 's an atrosmacy .
28	leela	but fry 's our friend bender .
28	bender	aww jeez would you stifle there meatbag ?
28	leela	you stifle bender .
28	zoidberg	hooray ! finally you 're standing up to him .
28	leela	although he is completely right .
28	bender	we 've got to stem this tidal wave of moral decay . it 's time to shut down nappster.com !
28	bender	who 's in charge of this dump ?
28	jervis	that 'd be me . if you 're an investor you can dump your money in the hole there .
28	bender	listen you fat internet nerd .
28	jervis	listening .
28	bender	your company promotes wrong love ! if you do n't shut down right now the only thing wired about you will be your jaw !
28	jervis	you ca n't shut us down . the internet is about the free exchange and sale of other people 's ideas . we 've done nothing wrong !
28	liu	help ! i 'm being held prisoner !
28	zoidberg	someone in trouble is !
28	jervis	no stay out ! there 's a guy going for the tetris world record in there !
28	woman	who are you ?
28	cheech	do n't hurt us !
28	liu	help me ! they 've been holding me prisoner for 800 years !
28	zoidberg	the real lucy liu ! the one you can see a movie of in the popcorn stadium !
28	bender	so what 's your problem ?
28	liu	those sweaty nerds are making illegal copies of us . ( crying ) it hurts !
28	bender	its a bluff .
28	leela	we ca n't take that chance . move people move !
28	george michael	please pick me up before you go go !
28	leela	she asked first .
28	nerd	uh , are you lucy liu ?
28	albrightbot	sure !
28	jervis	oh we 're doomed . they got the head , they uncovered the sign ! soon the whole world will learn we 're cyber criminals ! and we would have gotten away with it if it were n't for those meddling adults .
28	man	we 'll stop them . they like lucy liu , we 'll give them all the lucy liu they can handle ! hand me that backup disk .
28	zoidberg	did you see me escaping ? i was like
28	liu	thanks for rescuing me , especially you bender . ( sexfully ) mmm , quite a masculine piece of metal are n't you ?
28	bender	hey do n't look at me like that . if you 're thinking of crossing the line with bender you can forget it . bender do n't bend that way .
28	leela	hey look its another lucy liubot .
28	liubot #2	( mechanical voice ) i am lucy liu . give me your spines .
28	zoidberg	hey what the ?
28	liubot #2	( mechanical voice ) take this and that and one of these .
28	liu	hey cut it out ! i do n't need this kind of publicity !
28	leela	alright liu . time to kick your frosty well toned ass ! heyya !
28	bender	then along came bender !
28	zoidberg	looks like you 're retaining water .
28	liu	that was incredible bender . you 're like jackie chan before he got all doughy .
28	bender	aw shucks . i was n't afraid of that robot . i 'm pretty brave when you get past my macho exterior ! it 's an army of lucy lius !
28	liu	they 're horrible !
28	liubot #3	( mechanical voice ) robot croucing tiger .
28	liubot #4	( mechanical voice ) robot crane style !
28	zapp	now that 's a wave of destruction that 's easy on the eyes .
28	fry	this is the best movie i 've ever seen . it has a vampire and an explosion !
28	liubot	it 's amazing the way you ( mechanical voice ) notice two things .
28	alex	no ! do n't open that coffin ! it 's ticking !
28	natalie	i have to alex. that coffin 's not going to open itself !
28	vampire	bleurgh !
28	liu	let 's hide in here . it 'll add to my box office gross !
28	leela	fry ?
28	fry	aww , you guys came to watch me make out ! that is so sweet . wait a minute ! is that the head of who i think it 's of ?
28	liu	read the jar evelyn wood ! dr z ?
28	leela	fry , a herd of lucy liu are destroying the city . is yours acting normally ?
28	fry	let me see . yep . why do you ask ?
28	alex	mr mayor , if you want to see a real vampire look in the mirror !
28	mayor	i ca n't ! i 'm a vampire !
28	zoidberg	why ?
28	leela	and nappster says illegal copies never hurt anybody .
28	fry	quick , this way !
28	fry	sorry laides , employees only .
28	leela	oh no . they 're forming a human pyramid ... of robots .
28	bender	dammit ! we were n't counting on them being as smart as they are sexy !
28	liu	a dangerous mistake to make .
28	zoidberg	at least we 've got food .
28	leela	dr zoidberg cut open that bag !
28	zoidberg	hooray !
28	leela	and do n't eat it .
28	zoidberg	life was bad but now its good forever !
28	bender	you 'll be safe in here sweetheart . get lost pavorotti !
28	fry	lucy liubot , if i do n't survive the corn i want you to know that i love you as much as a man can love a computerised image of gorgeous celebrity . which it turns out is a lot .
28	liubot	oh fry , i love you more than the moon and the stars and the ( mechanincal voice ) poetic image number 37 not found .
28	fry	what are you doing darling ? get down !
28	fry	you saved us . are you alright ?
28	liubot	yes my love . i 'll be just ( mechanical voice ) massive corn clog in port seven .
28	liu	are you the last copy of me ?
28	liubot	yes .
28	liu	erase her fry .
28	fry	what ?? no !
28	liu	fry , when you downloaded her without my permission you stole my image . and in the end that 's all i really have . that and the largest gold nugget in the world - one mile in diameter .
28	fry	but i just downloaded her because i love you .
28	liu	if you love the real lucy liu and not what you 've seen in movies , genre stradling lawyer shows and kiss ass articles in people magazine , you 'll blank out that robot .
28	fry	i 'm sorry . hug me liubot .
28	liubot	i 'll always remember you fry ( mechanical voice ) memory deleted .
28	bender	i know it hurts buddy . but at least you 're not in a sick relationship with a robot anymore .
28	fry	uh huh . and i guess now maybe i can get to know the real lucy liu .
28	bender	pft ! yeah at our wedding !
28	liu	it 's true . bender and i are in love .
28	fry	but , but !
28	bender	do n't be a prude fry !
29	announcer	( voice-over ) futurama is brought to you by ... ... thompson 's teeth : the only teeth strong enough to eat other teeth .
29	farnsworth	good news , everyone ! today marks our dear friend dr. zoidberg 's 10th year with planet express . huzzahs are in order .
29	fry	( unenthusiastic ) huzzah !
29	leela	( unenthusiastic ) huzzah !
29	amy	( unenthusiastic ) huzzah !
29	zoidberg	hooray for me ! hooray for zoidberg !
29	hermes	i will now read the mandatory speech . ( reading ) dear employee : has it really been five , 10 or 15 years ? if not , please disregard this and get back to work . distribute token of appreciation and applaud .
29	zoidberg	look ! coupons ! i can get two oil changes for the price of one ! now if i could only afford the one ... and the car . ah , the years ! so many memories , so many strange fluids gushing out of patients ' bodies --
29	hermes	yes , yes . now here 's your pension statement . it 's empty because you have n't paid into it , you dumb stinkbug !
29	zoidberg	you kept track of it all these years !
29	fry	oh , no , i 'm boned ! i have n't paid into the pension either . what 'll i do when i retire ?
29	bender	i thought you were retired .
29	fry	hey , i do n't see you planning for your old age .
29	bender	i got plans . i 'm gon na turn my on/off switch to " off " .
29	fry	well i 'm gon na take action . it 's time to check on my retirement fund . damn ! still only $ 100 .
29	franklin	( on bill ) a penny saved is a penny earned . also , could you get some athlete 's foot cream for my face ?
29	fry	he 's right ! i 've got ta start investing wisely .
29	fry	well , i 'm down to my last lottery ticket . cherry . cherry ! mule . crud !
29	bender	so , you got six bucks left to retire on . i recommend tender vittles .
29	teller	you 're opening a retirement account for $ 6 ? i 'm sure a wealthy ... ... mule farmer like yourself is aware that we charge a $ 10 monthly fee .
29	fry	( shrugging ) you got ta spend money to make money .
29	teller	here you are , sir . your account is now overdrawn by $ 4 .
29	robot	gee , i 've seen lines move faster in a sperm bank .
29	bender	that 's for sure -- roberto ! is that you ?
29	roberto	bender ! hey , man !
29	bender	you old lunatic ! how you been ?
29	roberto	not bad , not bad . everybody on the floor ! this is a stick-up !
29	bender	yeah , i 'm doing ok too . i 'm taking a chinese cooking class at the learning annex .
29	roberto	cool . ca-can you give me a hand here ?
29	bender	sure thing , pal .
29	roberto	hey , you ! red ! quit watering that plant and get the door !
29	bender	well , nice talking to you .
29	roberto	same here . you guys are alright ! here 's something for your trouble .
29	bender	hey , thanks , buddy !
29	smitty	freeze , punks ! you 're under arrest !
29	nixon	( on $ 1000 bill ) shoot them in the back ! quick ! while they 're not looking !
29	baillif	court is in session . the honourable judge whitey presiding .
29	whitey	the charge is bank robbery . now , my caddie chauffeur informs me that a bank is a place where people put money that is n't properly invested . therefore , robbing a bank is tantamount to that most heinous of crimes : theft of money !
29	hyper-chicken	as the surveillance camera for the bank what all the judge was a-jawing about , could ya 'll tell us what you done seen the day of the crime ?
29	camera	well , let 's see . my memory 's a little fuzzy , but it went exactly like this :
29	hyper-chicken	your honour , i move that i be disbarred for introducing this evidence against my own clients .
29	hyper-chicken	mr. fry , do you recognise the robot a-huggin ' on you in this here hologram ?
29	fry	i sure do ! that 's the real robber and i 'll never forget his name as long as i live . and that name is --
29	leela	( shouting ) fry ! just give a name . you do n't wan na look stupid on court tv !
29	fry	you 're right . you 're right . it was --
29	whitey	yes ? what ? you say if i testify i 'll be killed ? oh . it 's for you .
29	roberto	... and the other hamburger will ...
29	roberto	... also be made of your lungs . so long , pal .
29	fry	i refuse to testify on the grounds that my organs will be chopped up into a patt .
29	whitey	ah , the 67th amendment .
29	hyper-chicken	i may be a simple country hyper-chicken but i know when we 're finger-licked . whattya say we plead insanity ?
29	bender	a few months in an insane asylum ? i could do that standing on my head .
29	hyper-chicken	if you start now , it might help our case .
29	whitey	counselor , what evidence do you offer to support this new plea of insanity ?
29	hyper-chicken	well , for one , they done hired me to represent them .
29	whitey	insanity plea is accepted . mr. bender , i hereby commit you to the asylum for criminally insane robots until such time as you are deemed cured .
29	bender	yahoo! the system fails again !
29	whitey	and , mr. fry , i sentence you to the home for criminally insane humans .
29	bailiff	your honour , that facility has been full ever since you ruled that being poor is a mental illness .
29	whitey	order ! order ! the only poor people i want to hear about are the people who tend to my pores at the spa . just send them both to the robot loony bin and let 's go .
29	fry	( from box ) ow ! my head ! ow ! my feet ! ow ! my head ! ow ! my feet !
29	farnsworth	keep your chin up !
29	fry	( from box ) ow ! my chin !
29	fry	i do n't belong here , bender . this is an asylum for insane robots !
29	bender	well , you meet half the qualifications .
29	fry	oh , good , a physical ! once they examine my fragile , naked , pink body , they 'll see i 'm not a --
29	fry	what the -- ?
29	bender	( shouting ) i find that offensive !
29	dr. perceptron	greetings . i am dr. perceptron . let me give you something to help you relax .
29	fry	look ! there 's been a terrible mistake . i 'm a human being . see ? i 'm all squishy and flabby . also , i complain a lot .
29	dr. perceptron	yes , you do . you need to relax more . terrific . now , consider the following : you were admitted to this robot asylum . therefore , you must be a robot . diagnosis complete .
29	fry	i do other human stuff ! i age ! see ?
29	nurse ratchet	i 'm nurse ratchet . please come with me , wo n't you ?
29	nurse ratchet	we 'll meet your roommate next , shall we ? his name is malfunctioning eddie .
29	fry	the car dealer ? wow ! i guess his prices really were insane .
29	nurse ratchet	he 's very excitable . so do n't say anything to excite him .
29	malfunctioning eddie	pleased to meet you .
29	fry	actually , we 've met once before .
29	malfunctioning eddie	what ?
29	hairbot	i 'm a pretty girl . i 'm a pretty girl . i 'm a pretty girl .
29	bender	whoa ! someone had a busy day .
29	fry	my roommate exploded . oh , you got ta help me , bender . how can i prove i 'm human ?
29	bender	you could drop dead . that 'd show 'em .
29	fry	i do n't wan na !
29	unit 2013	hey , man . i believe you 're a human .
29	fry	you do ?
29	unit 2013	sure . they do n't believe i 'm a human either . name 's unit 2013 . c'mon . lem me introduce you around . fry , meet norm . how 's it going , pal ? still picking up transmissions from the cia on your teeth ?
29	norm	they just wo n't stop !
29	woman	the cia cafeteria menu for the week of may 15th is as follows : monday , shepherd 's pie . tu --
29	unit 2013	cuckoo !
29	fry	let me guess : he thinks he 's lincoln ?
29	unit 2013	well , he 's supposed to . problem is he 's got multiple personalities ; all of them lincoln .
29	lincolnbot	i was born in 200 log cabins .
29	unit 2013	and this here is frankie . he 's convinced he 's a lunchroom worker , so they put him to work in the lunchroom . ( patronising ) how is work in the lunchroom , frankie ?
29	frankie	it 's alright .
29	unit 2013	poor frankie !
29	mad hatterbot	change places !
29	fry	bender , i ca n't take much more of this ! i want outta here !
29	bender	are you crazy ? this place is great ! electroshock whenever you want it , two lincolns for every napoleon . ah ! sweet light crude !
29	fry	but i 'm not a robot like you . i do n't like having discs crammed into me . unless they 're oreos - and then only in the mouth ! do n't you understand ? i 'm gon na die here !
29	bender	ah , quit your bellyaching and take it like a robot .
29	mad hatterbot	change places !
29	victor	the doctor says you are making great strides with your exploding problem .
29	malfunctioning eddie	well the way i see it = --
29	fry	you got ta get me out of here . i would have starved to death if not for that sick vending machine robot . gimmie ! gimmie !
29	hermes	poor fry ! he 's got the munchies for freedom !
29	leela	we 're all trying to help you . we 've petitioned the governor but he does n't want to appear soft on people who 've been falsely imprisoned .
29	fry	at least i have friends on the outside . bender 's been no help at all .
29	bender	je suis napoleon ! no , seriously , i 'm not .
29	amy	bender ! you should be more ashamed of yourself than usual .
29	bender	ah , lighten up , honey . i 'm just trying to get through a difficult time using humour .
29	nurse ratchet	visiting hours are over . time for our medication disks .
29	fry	( shouting ) help me ! for god 's sake , help me !
29	farnsworth	oh , do n't worry , fry . i too once spent a nightmare-ish time in a robot asylum . but now it 's nearly over . so long .
29	fry	( sleep-talking ) thirty days hath september , april , june and ... wonder ... is that peanut butter ... what am i gon na do ? ( talking ) oh , god ! what ? what ? what is it now ?
29	dr. perceptron	you are being released .
29	fry	finally ! sweet justice ! sweet , juicy justice !
29	dr. perceptron	not you . him .
29	malfunctioning eddie	me ? what a surprise . look !
29	malfunctioning eddie	i barely exploded at all .
29	dr. perceptron	we can control that with medication .
29	nurse ratchet	fry ? are we ready to meet our new roommate ?
29	roberto	hi , red !
29	fry	roberto ! w-w-w-what are you doing here ?
29	roberto	i got busted robbing that bank again .
29	fry	why would you hold up the same bank twice ?
29	roberto	ah , that first time was just to case the joint and rob it a little . what 's the matter ? you scared ?
29	fry	n -- , n -- , n --
29	roberto	noticeably ? i 'll say ! now stand back , i got ta practice my stabbing .
29	fry	no ! please ! help ! stop it ! please !
29	bender	( shouting ; from cell ) hey ! keep it down in there ! i 'm tuning my banjo !
29	roberto	jeez , red . quit cowering . you call yourself a robot ?
29	fry	i 'm not a robot ! ( shouting ) i 'm not a robot !
29	dr. perceptron	in answer to your question , hermes , yes , your friend is cured .
29	hermes	oh !
29	farnsworth	what a relief !
29	leela	thank god !
29	dr. perceptron	you 'll notice he no longer suffers delusions of humanity .
29	fry	( mechanical voice ) affirmative . i feel nothing . i am a robot . beep , beep , beep
29	leela	you 've made a terrible mistake . he 's a human being , not a machine . oh , fry !
29	bender	( singing ) gon na sing a little tale about a battle called waterloo . ( talking ) bonjour , y' all !
29	zoidberg	listen to me , fry . just because you think you 're a robot , does n't make you a robot . after all , i think i 'm a doctor but that does n't make me a doctor . these fancy clothes do !
29	fry	( mechanical voice ) negative . i must be a robot . why else would human women refuse to date me ?
29	leela	oh , lots of reasons .
29	fry	( mechanical voice ) bio-units , terminate noise exchange . it is time for you to ingest sandwiches from my compartment .
29	bender	here we go . just a minute . aha !
29	commentator	and down the stretch , it 's daddy 's little grandpa , followed by perennial loser , and bringing up the rear , it 's lasty !
29	bender	come on , lasty !
29	roberto	hey , bender .
29	bender	roberto ! ooh , what a surprise to see you in here ! especially 'cause i did n't squeal on you , remember ? remember all that squealing i did n't do ? remember ? do ya ?
29	roberto	yeah , yeah . now lie down and play dead . and do n't ham it up !
29	bender	uh , sure . anything for you , buddy .
29	roberto	wait here , bender . i need to get a disguise .
29	bender	uh , what 's with the get-up ?
29	roberto	i 'm in disguise 'cause i 'm thinking of escaping . you in ? or do i got ta kill ya so you do n't squeal ?
29	bender	i 'm in ! i 'm in ! so when were you planning the breakout ?
29	roberto	i 'm thinking maybe a few seconds ago .
29	bender	quick ! let 's keep escaping !
29	hermes	times two , carry the one ...
29	fry	oh , you sad , worthless human .
29	hermes	what are ya -- ? sacred hog of prague ! that was my anniversary gift to labarbara !
29	fry	fear not ! for i shall assist ye !
29	hermes	robots do n't say " ye " !
29	fry	relax , mammal . my robotic software shall meet your calculatory needs . what is the meaning of this symbol ?
29	hermes	that 's a plus sign , you pointy-haired loony ! quit thinking you 're a robot !
29	fry	i 'll show ye !
29	fry	stand back . i 'm a tool-bot .
29	leela	you 're not a tool-bot . you 're not a food-motron . you 're not a robot of any kind .
29	fry	yes , i am . i simply have n't discovered my primary function yet .
29	leela	ok , this has got ta stop . i 'm going to remind fry of his humanity the way only a woman can .
29	farnsworth	you 're going to do his laundry ?
29	leela	( sexfully ) fry , this is for you .
29	fry	beep .
29	leela	oh , for god 's sake !
29	zoidberg	by a scallop 's forelocks ! what 's with all the beer , fry ?
29	fry	( drunk ) alcohol fuels my power cells . and as a mighty robot , i -- beep .
29	roberto	thanks for helping me escape , bender .
29	bender	oh , it was nothing .
29	roberto	( shouting ) it was not nothing ! ( talking ) i wan na repay you . let me get you something in here .
29	roberto	( shouting ) hands up ! this is a stick-up again !
29	bender	wow ! hitting the same place three times ? i admire your style , roberto .
29	roberto	gimmie the remaining dough . and the calendars ... and that pen . try to tear it so most of the beads are on my end !
29	url	police ! you 're busted !
29	smitty	and do n't try anything . this glass here is laser-proof . fire lasers ! duck ! lasers !
29	bender	come on ! i got a place where i like to hide after crimes .
29	amy	aw ! he looks like a little insane drunken angel .
29	bender	( panting ) hey , everybody . meet my good pal , roberto .
29	hermes	hey , mon. .
29	roberto	nice to meet you .
29	smitty	( on megaphone ; from outside ) come out with your hands up .
29	roberto	( shouting ) hostages !
29	roberto	back off ! i got hostages !
29	zoidberg	hooray ! i 'm helping !
29	smitty	( on megaphone ) do you have any better hostages ?
29	roberto	to show them who 's crazy , i 'm gon na execute some of you . how ' bout you ?
29	farnsworth	ouch ! that 's going to bleed when my heart beats .
29	leela	wait ! take me first !
29	bender	yes ! take her first .
29	roberto	shut up ! stop telling me how to do this !
29	zoidberg	oh , the fear !
29	roberto	i 'm thinking of a number between one and ten . guess it and you die first . go !
29	bender	um ... ok . fixty ... six ... ish ?
29	roberto	56 ? 56 ? oh , man ! now that 's all i can think about ! i 'm gon na kill you , you ... no good ... 56-ing --
29	bender	do n't kill me yet ! i 'm starting to come down with stockholm syndrome ... handsome !
29	fry	halt , fellow robot !
29	roberto	hey , red . you 're just in time to join the hostage situation . which side you wan na be on ?
29	fry	the side that kicks your twisted , metal ass !
29	leela	fry ! stay back . he 's too powerful .
29	fry	negative , bossy meat creature . i know now what my primary function is : i am a battle-droid . sworn to protect the weak from crazy robots .
29	roberto	i 'm not crazy ! do n't call me crazy ! i 'm just not user-friendly !
29	hermes	fry ! do n't be a hero ! it 's not covered by the health plan !
29	roberto	let 's see how much of a robot you really are !
29	fry	no knife can penetrate my skin-tanium armour .
29	roberto	help ! help ! he is a battle-droid ! somebody help me ! mommy ! i 'm sorry i spilled the transmission fluid , mommy ! no ! no ! do n't weld me to the wall , mommy !
29	smitty	( on megaphone ) we 're willing to listen to your demands .
29	url	hey , baby . wash that off before you put it back .
29	hermes	who 's brave now ?
29	amy	hooray !
29	zoidberg	bravo !
29	leela	you did it , fry .
29	bender	congratulations , buddy . you 're a credit to my race .
29	fry	( mechanical voice ) it was nothing . i -- ( normal ) blood ? robots do n't have blood . i must be a , a --
29	zoidberg	a squid ?
29	fry	a human ! oh , my god ! i 'm a human !
29	zoidberg	also good .
29	leela	thanks for saving us , fry .
29	fry	i 'm gon na continue never washing this cheek again .
29	bender	buddy , you may be wrapped in greasy skin , but inside , you 've got the heart of a robot .
29	fry	aw . thanks , bender .
29	bender	just like inside me , i 've got the heart of a human . what ?
29	bender	( over credits ) what ?
30	bender	hey !
30	hermes	fry , mon , if you 're going to be living in the office you could at least be on time for work .
30	fry	i 'm sorry . i was up really late poking through people 's desks .
30	hermes	alright , people . i will now outline today 's 12-point agenda . we 'll begin with point one then race forward --
30	hermes	concerning our pest problem : somebody 's been leaving food around and it 's attracting owls . and i , for one , am getting tired of cleaning those owl traps . now ...... as this shocking graph indicates , our water consumption has tripled in the last month . i notice fry has been here for a month , so i 'm appointing him head of a committee to find who 's responsible . fry ? am i cracking up , or is fry 's living here starting to get in the way of bus -
30	leela	what the hell are you doing ?! you 're getting a huge dose of radiation !
30	fry	and great lift !
30	leela	do you know how long it 's going to take me to recalibrate these engines ?
30	fry	hey , when you look this good , you do n't have to know anything .
30	leela	professor , we need to talk to you about fry .
30	bender	that 's right , we want some money -- wait , what 's this about fry ?
30	leela	he 's a nice guy but we think it 's about time he got his own place .
30	farnsworth	oh , fuff ! he 's not causing any trouble . now , if you do n't mind , i 'm rather busy . i seem to have mislaid my alien mummy . this sarcophagus should contain the remains of emperor nimballa , who ruled zubin 5 over 29 million years ago .
30	fry	hey , professor , great jerky !
30	farnsworth	my god , this is an outrage ! i was going to eat that mummy ! fry has got to go !
30	announcer	bachelor chow : now with flavour !
30	commentator	and bigfoot is down !
30	fry	sheesh ! 40,000 channels and only 150 have anything good on .
30	announcer	all my circuits is brought to you by robo fresh : designed by a robot , for a robot .
30	calculon	i 've been processing this for some time , monique , and well , will you marry me ?
30	monique	oh , calculon ! it fits ! then you must know that i 'm --
30	calculon	metric ? i 've always known . but for you , my darling , i 'm willing to convert .
30	fry	hmm , must be a friend of theirs .
30	bender	fry , we 've got to discuss your living arrangements .
30	leela	we 've all talked it over and --
30	bender	hey , all my circuits ! move over . ahh !
30	leela	fry , sometimes in close quarters , people do inconsiderate things without realising it .
30	fry	i know but i forgive you .
30	leela	no , fry , by " close quarters " i mean this office ...
30	fry	uh-huh .
30	leela	... and by " people " i mean you !
30	fry	right .
30	leela	and by " inconsiderate " i mean --
30	fry	leela ! we 're trying to watch tv .
30	bender	yeah , would you kindly shut your noise hole ?
30	fry	so , who 's that weird-looking guy ?
30	bender	that 's a human .
30	fry	what 's he do ?
30	bender	eh , the usual human stuff . he laughs , he learns , he loves .
30	fry	boring !
30	human friend	calculon ? i thought you were in a coma .
30	calculon	that 's what i wanted you to think with your soft , human brain .
30	fry	hey , uh , why is the tv getting smaller ?
30	hermes	we 'll bill you for the couch .
30	bender	cheer up , meatbag , you 've barely touched your amoeba .
30	fry	it looked good but i just do n't feel like eating . you want it ?
30	bender	nah , i 'm trying to watch my input . i need plenty of wholesome , nutritious alcohol . the chemical energy keeps my fuel cells charged .
30	fry	what are the cigars for ?
30	bender	they make me look cool .
30	fry	i ca n't believe they threw me out like that . i must have been really acting like a jerk .
30	bender	yeah , but everybody 's a jerk . you , me , this jerk . that 's my philosophy . so , where you gon na stay ?
30	fry	i do n't know . do refrigerators still come in cardboard boxes ?
30	bender	yeah , but the rents are outrageous . why do n't you just come move in with me ?
30	fry	really ? that 'd be great ! you sure i wo n't be imposing ?
30	bender	nah , i 've always wanted a pet .
30	bender	here we are . your new home .
30	fry	cool ! y' know , i 've never even seen a robot 's apartment before .
30	bender	come on in , i 'll give you the tour !
30	bender	let 's see , where to start . ok , this is the tv area , that over there 's the breakfast nook , and over here is where you 'll be living which is great because , until now , it 's just been wasted space .
30	fry	it 's kinda cramped in here . i do n't even have room to hang my clothes .
30	bender	look , pal , you 've only got one set of clothes and you 're not taking them off while i 'm here . well , i 'm bushed . g'night .
30	fry	wait , bender . bender ?
30	bender	( sleep-talking ) kill all humans ... kill all humans ... must kill all the humans .
30	fry	bender , wake up !
30	bender	i was having the most wonderful dream . i think you were in it .
30	fry	uh , listen , bender , uh , where 's your bathroom ?
30	bender	bath what ?
30	fry	bathroom .
30	bender	what room ?
30	fry	bathroom !
30	bender	what what ?
30	fry	ah , never mind !
30	bender	( sleep-talking ) hey , sexy mama ... wan na kill all the humans ?
30	leela	we sure are cheerful this morning .
30	bender	yeah , this past week with fry 's been a blast ! y' know , beneath this warm , sunny exterior , beats the cold , mechanical heart of a robot .
30	leela	what happened to you ?
30	fry	oh , it 's bender 's apartment . he put in carpeting yesterday so now my head hits the ceiling . hey , do you realise you 're standing at a weird angle ? now you 're ok .
30	leela	look at yourself . you 're a wreck ! you 've got to find a new place to live .
30	fry	( sexily ) is that an invitation ?
30	leela	love your optimism , fry . but seriously , you 've got to tell bender you 're moving out .
30	fry	yeah , but he might get kind of upset . i do n't think i can do that to him .
30	bender	hey , there 's my little space heater .
30	fry	well , i 'm moving out !
30	bender	what ?!
30	fry	i 'm sorry , bender , but there 's just not enough room .
30	bender	not enough room ? my place is two cubic metres and we only take up 1.5 cubic metres . we 've got room for a whole nother two-thirds of a person .
30	leela	what if i just helped the two of you find a bigger apartment ?
30	bender	i do n't know . i 've got a lot of great memories in my old place . and now they 're gone .
30	landlord #1	sure , it ai n't one of them la-de-da above-ground places . but if you like dank , hey , forget about it !
30	leela	at least it 's got a great view .
30	bender	what the ?
30	landlord #1	excuse me , i got ta go change a lightbulb .
30	leela	wow ! now this is fantastic !
30	fry	hmm , i 'm not sure we want to pay for a dimension we 're not going to use .
30	fry	well , i give up . what 's the catch ?
30	landlord #3	oh , no catch . although we are technically in new jersey .
30	fry	not one place even remotely liveable .
30	farnsworth	oh , how awful . did he at least die painlessly ... ? to shreds , you say . well , how is his wife holding up ... ? to shreds , you say . very well then . sad , sad , terrible , gruesome news about my colleague , dr. mobootu .
30	leela	was his apartment rent-controlled ?
30	leela	wow , this is beautiful .
30	bender	what 's with all the crap ?
30	leela	it 's not crap .
30	hattie	dr. mobootu collected this crap while he was exploring the watcha-call-it ... universe !
30	fry	well , this place has everything except the only thing i care about : a tv .
30	hattie	it 's got a tv , you young watcha-call-it ... idiot !
30	fry	ooh !
30	bender	whoa , slow down ! this place just does n't feel like home . it just is n't ... cosy . ahh , i can barely move . it 's perfect !
30	fry	man , it 's a total sty ! for the first time in a thousand years , i feel like i 'm home .
30	bender	yeah ! it 's gon na be fun on the bun ! y' know fry , of all the friends i 've had , you 're the first .
30	hermes	hey , mon !
30	leela	happy housewarming , fry ! it 's a miniature fruit salad tree .
30	fry	ooh ! hey , amy !
30	amy	hey !
30	farnsworth	this is for you , fry zevulon the great . he 's teriyaki style .
30	bender	wow , heavy drinking crowd ! i 'd better go out for more beer .
30	fry	hey , hang on , all my circuits is about to start !
30	bender	i know , but i need alcohol to power up my batteries . if calculon 's wedding does n't go just right i 'll be emotionally and electrically drained .
30	fry	hey !
30	hermes	these are mighty tasty !
30	zoidberg	thank you , i made them myself .
30	fry	shh , the wedding 's about to start !
30	priestbot	if anyone here objects to this union , let them speak now or forever hold their
30	fry	is he objecting or backing up ?
30	amy	looks like both .
30	calculon	i 'm afraid my half-brother is correct . you see , i have a terrible secret and that secret is --
30	amy	oh , this is n't right .
30	hermes	oh , come on !
30	farnsworth	fix it !
30	bender	hey what happened to the tv ?
30	fry	it just went out .
30	bender	this is an outrage ! i 'm gon na go yell at the manager !
30	hermes	alright !
30	fry	( shouting ) come back , bender , its working !
30	calculon	to reiterate , my terrible secret is
30	fry	it 's out again .
30	bender	what ? that 's the last straw !
30	fry	it 's back on !
30	hattie	pardon me . i do n't mean to pry into what you 're doing in here with the crab and the one-eyed lady and the chinese girl but everyone on this floor is having trouble with their tv reception .
30	bender	yeah ! and you 'd better get rid of whatever 's causing it or we 're outta this dump !
30	hattie	relax , sonny . this kajigger 'll find the source of the interference .
30	tenant #1	what 's going on ?
30	tenant #2	we want our tv back !
30	hattie	there 's your problem .
30	amy	oh , my god , bender , it 's your thingy !
30	randy	then get rid of it !
30	tenant #1	get out !
30	bender	you people are nuts . my antenna never interfered with my old tv .
30	leela	you had cable . this is satellite .
30	farnsworth	obviously your thoughts are being transmitted on the same frequency .
30	tenant #2	they 're on my cell phone too .
30	bender	madam , i believe you 're mistaken !
30	bender	wow , that lady 's got a huge ass !
30	bender	those could be anyone 's thoughts , fat ass !
30	randy	the robot has to go !
30	tenant #1	yeah .
30	tenant #3	get him out of here !
30	hattie	well , you heard the mob !
30	bender	fine ! come on , fry , let 's move to that apartment that smelled like a sewer . you liked that one , right ?
30	fry	it 's tempting , but , well , i am already kinda settled in here .
30	bender	or we could live underground with the mutants . a little fire 'll show 'em who 's boss !
30	fry	uh , listen , is there maybe some way we could do this with you going and me not going ?
30	bender	i do n't understand .
30	fry	well , you were gon na live in the closet anyway . wo n't you be just as happy back in your old place ?
30	bender	but , then we would n't be roommates .
30	fry	i 'll come visit sometime . and you can visit me here .
30	hattie	no he ca n't .
30	fry	anyway , i 'm sure it 'll work out . this way we 'll both be happy .
30	bender	( downbeat ) happy . yeah , that 's bender . always happy .
30	randy	hey , the tv 's back on !
30	priestbot	we are gathered here to mourn the death of calculon ; industrialist , private eye , friend .
30	calculon	mind if i give the eulogy ?
30	monique	calculon ! you 're alive !
30	randy	calculon 's back !
30	farnsworth	right , so long .
30	zoidberg	goodbye .
30	amy	( crying ) do you think calculon 's evil twin will ever walk again ?
30	hermes	i do n't know , amy . i just do n't know .
30	fry	hey , thanks for coming .
30	leela	fry , you 're bender 's best friend . how could you let that mob kick him out ?
30	fry	ah , come on . bender loves mobs .
30	leela	only when he 's in them and you know it . you really hurt his feelings .
30	fry	do n't girl me with that girl stuff . bender and me are guys . guys do n't have feelings .
30	leela	bender 's not a guy , he 's a robot .
30	fry	same thing .
30	bender	it 's so big and empty .
30	bender	my roommate 's gone . and all he left behind was an eyelash and three skin flakes . oh , what 's the point ?!
30	leela	bender ? my god , you 're a mess !
30	bender	leave me alone !
30	leela	look at that five o'clock rust . you 've been up all night not drinking , have n't you ?
30	bender	hey . what i do n't do is none of your business .
30	leela	please , bender . have some malt liquor . if not for yourself then for the people who love you .
30	bender	i hate the people who love me and they hate me .
30	leela	oh , now look . it 's obvious you miss being fry 's roommate . but there 's got to be a better way to deal with this .
30	bender	like how ? having my antenna removed ?
30	leela	well , if that would work .
30	bender	are you crazy ? that 's little bender you 're talking about . i ca n't cut it off . you 're not a robot or a man so you would n't understand . i got ta get out of here .
30	leela	wait ! i want you to look me in the eye and promise you wo n't get behind the wheel without some kind of alcoholic beverage in your hand .
30	bender	i promise nothing !
30	fry	what up ?
30	leela	i ca n't just stand by and be silent about bender anymore .
30	fry	silent ? you 've been meddling for two solid weeks .
30	leela	well i ca n't just do that anymore . your best friend is out there somewhere destroying himself .
30	fry	really ? i did n't think he 'd miss this apartment that much .
30	leela	he does n't care about the apartment , he cares about you . and you turned your back on him .
30	fry	oh , man . i had no idea . if only i knew where he was i 'd go talk to him .
30	fry	oh , stupid tv ! bender ! you 're blind stinking sober !
30	bender	that 's right ! i 'm sober and crazy and i do n't know what i might do !
30	fry	do n't do it !
30	bender	i do n't know what it is yet . oh , yeah , now i remember . i thought i could live alone , but i ca n't . so , i 'm gon na do what it takes to be your roommate again .
30	leela	bender ! stop !
30	fry	cutting leela 's head off wo n't solve anything !
30	bender	no , i 'm going to chop off my antenna .
30	fry	hey , yeah ! that sounds good . can i give you a hand ?
30	leela	fry , do n't help him mutilate himself .
30	fry	but it 's a useless antenna . it 's not like he 's a ham radio or something .
30	bender	i 'm gon na do it ! i 'm really gon na do it ! do n't try and stop me ! here goes .
30	fry	hey , it works ! the static 's gone .
30	human friend	i hate that this came between us , calculon .
30	calculon	me too . i 'm filled with a large number of powerful emotions .
30	human friend	you 're my best friend . i 'm sorry i treated you so badly .
30	calculon	apology accepted . after all , you 're only human .
30	leela	you guys could learn a lesson from those two .
30	fry	she 's right .
30	bender	you 're my best friend , fry , i 'm sorry i treated you so badly .
30	fry	apology accepted . after all , you 're only human .
30	leela	wait a minute ! you did it all backwards . fry 's the one who should be ...... oh , never mind !
30	fry	what 's wrong ?
30	bender	nothing . i guess i 'm just going to have to get used to being half a robot .
30	fry	aww , this is n't right . listen , bender , if we found your antenna could they still reattach it ?
30	bender	maybe . if we get it on ice right away .
30	smitty	bingo !
30	url	you call that an antenna ?
30	bender	this time , you 'll have all the human comfort . we 'll get a couple of toilets , some food cookers , maybe a puppy .
30	fry	it 's good to be home .
30	bender	it sure is . by the way , i saved your stuff .
30	fry	so that 's where those skin flakes went . hmm , do you think this fruit tree 's going to get enough light ?
30	bender	there 's a window in the closet .
30	fry	this is huge ! bender , why do n't i just live in here ?
30	bender	in a closet ? oh , humans !
31	announcer	( voice-over ) futurama is brought to you by ... ... glagnar 's human rinds . it 's a buncha muncha cruncha human !
31	leela	aww ! somebody likes snouts .
31	fry	is it me ?
31	bender	( shouting ) ow , my head ! my precious head ! ( talking ) stupid can opener . you killed my father and now you 've come back for me !
31	fry	you alright , bender ?
31	bender	yeah , i guess so . but i do n't see why we keep this ticking time-bomb around just for that dumb animal .
31	leela	do n't yell at nibbler like that . you hurt his feelings . come on , pet him and make up .
31	bender	no .
31	leela	i said pet him .
31	bender	i 'll pet him . i 'll pet him with both hands ! ow ! my ass ! get off !
31	leela	are you alright ?
31	bender	ah , it 's nothing a lawsuit wo n't cure .
31	leela	not you . aww , poor baby chipped a fang .
31	bender	hey , i got a busted ass here , i do n't see anyone kissing it .
31	zoidberg	( reluctant ) alright , i 'm coming .
31	jeffery	remember , rover gets the pill and pepper gets the suppository . next .
31	jeffery	it 's just a simple broken fang , nothing serious .
31	bender	what 's that you say there , doctor ? you 're gon na have to put him down ?
31	jeffery	no -- what ? huh ?
31	bender	terrible shame that . shall i do the honours ?
31	leela	no !
31	bender	you about done ?
31	leela	next time i 'm keeping it .
31	jeffery	ok , well i believe i have a replacement fang for your pet in the next room . the jaguar did n't wan na cooperate but luckily he knocked one of my teeth out . now then .
31	fry	hey , what are these rings in nibbler 's fang ?
31	jeffery	um , i 'm still a little woozy from a gazelle kick this morning but if he 's anything like the common tree , the rings might indicate his age .
31	fry	yeah , well , good luck . it 'd take some kind of genius to count all those rings .
31	jeffery	he 's five .
31	farnsworth	happy birthday , young nibbler .
31	leela	aww , look how cuddly he looks in his new cape !
31	bender	( sarcastic ) i 'd be cuddly too if someone gave me a new cape .
31	fry	who 's playing pin the tail on the moon maggot ?
31	bender	ooh , me ! everyone watch how good i am . and the crowd goes wild ! what prize do i get ? cash ?
31	amy	hey , look at nibbler !
31	hermes	aww , he 's holding a spoon .
31	zoidberg	he 's so talented !
31	bender	you call that talent ? gather round old bender and get ready for the show of a lifetime . ta-da !
31	hermes	now he 's wearing a hat !
31	leela	come on , let 's all sing happy birthday !
31	all	( singing ) what day is today ? it 's nibbler 's birthday , what a day for a birthday , let 's all have some cake .
31	fry	( singing ) ... and you smell like one too !
31	bender	hey , what about this ?
31	leela	bender , i thought you were supposed to be cooking for this party .
31	bender	fine , we 'll have rack of nibbler .
31	leela	just make a simple cake . and this time , if someone 's going to jump out of it , make sure you put them in after you cook it .
31	bender	so it 's a cake you want , is it ? i 'll make you a cake you 'll never forget .
31	bender	that 'll take care of those annoying rats . now , to bake a cake so delicious they 'll have no choice but to love and worship me .
31	bender	there ! this 'll teach those filthy bastards who 's lovable . now all i have to do is spell check it and it 's ready for my admiring public . no ! get away from there ! that 's it .
31	bender	happy birthday !
31	leela	bender , what 's going -- ( crying ) no !
31	bender	hey ! ca n't you see i 'm using the toilet ?
31	amy	bender ! how could you flush nibbler down the toilet ?
31	bender	well , step one , i had to lift the seat . that was the first little annoyance . am i right , men ?
31	leela	( crying ) are n't you upset at all ? how would you feel if i flushed fry down the toilet ?
31	bender	only one way to find out .
31	leela	( crying ) you have no sympathy for anyone else 's feelings .
31	bender	of course i do . right now i feel sorry for you .
31	leela	you do ?
31	bender	yeah . i mean , one cantaloupe-sized bloodshot eye ? you ai n't winning no beauty pageants , lady .
31	farnsworth	and so we say goodbye to our beloved pet nibbler , who 's gone to a place where i too hope one day to go : the toilet .
31	leela	( crying ) i would n't feel so bad if bender just understood the pain he caused me .
31	calculon	give it to me straight , doctor -- do n't sugarcoat it .
31	doctorbot	very well . your entire family died when a plane piloted by your fiance crashed into your uninsured home . and you have inoperable cancer .
31	bender	bet you were n't expecting that one , calculon !
31	amy	it 's like he does n't understand simple humanoid emotion .
31	leela	i wish just once bender could feel exactly what i feel .
31	farnsworth	actually , through the miracle of science , that can be arranged .
31	fry	uh-oh . is this gon na be another crazy experiment that crosses a line man was not meant to cross ?
31	linda	the official death toll in that tragic rocket crash has now been raised to
31	bender	hey , what the hell are you doing with my head ?
31	farnsworth	i need to tinker in it .
31	bender	why do n't you just use a potted plant like fry ?
31	farnsworth	quiet , you . i 'm installing an empathy chip .
31	fry	and that 'll allow bender to feel other people 's emotions ?
31	farnsworth	yes . if by " allow " you mean " force " .
31	bender	ooh ! ow ! son of a -- careful with that ! ow ...
31	farnsworth	oh dear , oh my . i got it . once more .
31	bender	... ow ! professor !
31	farnsworth	steady now .
31	bender	ow !
31	farnsworth	there we go . now i 'll simply tune it to leela 's emotional frequency .
31	bender	my god , i 'm overcome with ... feelings . i 'm experiencing a powerful yearning to ... to cram my gullet full of mackerel heads .
31	zoidberg	that 's me , baby !
31	farnsworth	hmm .
31	bender	now i 'm worried that i 'm not as smart as leela , but at the same time i feel relieved that i 'm cuter than her .
31	amy	uh ... that 's me .
31	fry	( whispering ) thanks for covering .
31	bender	this time i miss nibbler and i 'm feeling nosy and opinionated .
31	amy	bingo !
31	hermes	that 's leela !
31	leela	thank you , professor . i 'm happy that bender can finally feel my pain .
31	bender	happy . i like this feeling . just do n't revert to your usual mopey self .
31	leela	i 'm not mopey . you shut up !
31	bender	anger , huh ? how dare you make me feel anger , you one-eyed jerk with a dead pet !
31	leela	thanks for taking me out , amy . i feel slightly less miserable already .
31	amy	hey , you know what 'd cheer you up ? you should get a puppy .
31	leela	a puppy ? nibbler loved to eat puppies .
31	fry	what 's your problem ?
31	bender	( crying ) i miss nibbler .
31	fry	you do ?
31	bender	hell , no ! it 's leela 's stupid feelings . why ca n't she just drink herself happy like a normal person ?
31	bender	uh-oh , jealousy . ( shouting ) you think you 're so hot !
31	fry	what ?
31	bender	the only reason you get all the guys is because you dress like a tramp !
31	fry	( crying ) they 're just responding to my personality .
31	amy	um , leela ? armando and i are going to the back seat of his car for coffee . you gon na be alright here by yourself ?
31	leela	( theatrical happiness ) sure . i 'm having a great time -- really . you two go enjoy yourselves .
31	bender	( crying ) i 'm so lonely . i 'm gon na go eat a bucket of ice cream . ( crying ) a bucket of ...
31	fry	( shouting ) the spoon 's in the foot powder .
31	bender	i 'm at the end of my rope . i ca n't live another minute without poor , sweet nibbler .
31	fry	too bad he was n't an alligator . y' know , when you flush those things they stay alive in the sewers .
31	bender	really ?
31	fry	yep . my friend 's cousin 's caseworker saw one once . it 's a widely-believed fact .
31	bender	hmm , sewers . thinking , thinking , thinking .
31	bender	hang on , nibbler . uncle bender 's coming to save you . damn , it 's too small . what did those human design this for anyway ? aha ! bender , one ; toilet , zero ! see you on the other side !
31	fry	bender ? bender ?!
31	fry	have you seen my sombrero ?
31	leela	now he 's flushed himself down the toilet ? who 's he gon na flush next ?
31	fry	hey , it 's your fault . he only flushed himself because your emotions made him feel bad .
31	leela	you 're right . i feel terrible .
31	fry	oh , great , now you 're making him feel worse !
31	leela	i guess we 'd better go down into the sewers and look for him .
31	amy	are you crazy ? there 's mutants down there ! they 'll eat you alive .
31	zoidberg	they 're hideous !
31	leela	there 's no such thing as mutants . that 's a ridiculous urban myth .
31	farnsworth	oh , do n't be so sure . many scientists believe humans really could mutate down there . uh , due to exposure to toxic waste and radioactive runoff and good old american faeces .
31	fry	god bless america .
31	fry	phew ! uh , ladies first .
31	fry	oh , and the aftertaste !
31	leela	what is it ?
31	fry	i burned my finger .
31	leela	ok , check the guidebook .
31	fry	looks like we 're under park avenue . ooh , ritzy ! just think : all this was probably once a charity luncheon for the met .
31	leela	wait , what 's that ?
31	bender	i never should have thrown out the manual .
31	leela	bender , you did n't have to come down here .
31	bender	i know . but i just missed nibbler so much .
31	leela	( crying ) he was so cute .
31	bender	( crying ) he was so sweet .
31	fry	eck ! this emotional display is making me nauseous . or maybe it 's whatever that is .
31	leela	( shouting ) nibbler ?
31	bender	( shouting ) nibbler ?
31	leela	it 's no use . we 'd better turn back . which way , fry ?
31	fry	hmm . according to this map , the only way out is through ... that pipe . do n't worry . it gets wider after about a mile .
31	leela	( simultaneously ) idiot .
31	bender	( simultaneously ) idiot .
31	fry	ok , ok , nevermind . i 'll just ask those people for directions .
31	leela	( shouting ) mutants !
31	leela	mutants ! they 're real !
31	fry	i 'll take care of this ! back ! back !
31	vyolet	thanks , handsome .
31	dwayne	please , do not be frightened , we 're harmless .
31	raoul	i have three arms .
31	dwayne	i said " harmless " not " armless " .
31	vyolet	lay off him . you know he 's only got one ear .
31	fry	hey , are n't you supposed to be eating our brains ? you 're mutants .
31	dwayne	mutants ? perhaps it is you who are the mutants .
31	vyolet	please , dwayne , have you looked in a mirror lately ?
31	raoul	welcome to our village . it may not be paris but it has a certain quaint charm that i , for one , would n't trade for the world .
31	bender	you guys realise you live in a sewer , right ?
31	dwayne	perhaps . but perhaps your civilisation is merely the sewer of an even greater society above you .
31	leela	no , we 're on the top .
31	fry	daylight and everything .
31	vyolet	it must be wonderful .
31	bender	eh .
31	leela	listen . we actually came down here to find our pet , nibbler . he got flushed down the toilet .
31	raoul	well if he got flushed down the toilet he probably came through here . everything always does . follow me . all that is ours was once flushed down your toilets . over there is our aquarium . this is our library .
31	bender	nothing but crumpled porno and ayn rand .
31	raoul	and over here is our church .
31	fry	wow . you guys worship an unexploded nuclear bomb ?
31	vyolet	yeah , but nobody 's that observant . it 's mainly a christmas and easter thing .
31	leela	( shouting ) nibbler ?
31	bender	( shouting ) come to daddy , sweetie-ookums .
31	fry	so , is it true that alligators flushed down the toilet survive down here ?
31	vyolet	no . that 's just an urban legend .
31	bender	then what are those ?
31	vyolet	crocodiles .
31	raoul	we keep them as pets . then , when they grow too large , we flush them down into the sub-sewer .
31	dwayne	some say there 's a freakish race of sub-mutants down there .
31	vyolet	please , that 's just a sub-urban legend .
31	dwayne	oh ? then i suppose you also do n't believe in ... ... el chupanibre .
31	leela	el chupanibre ? what 's that ?
31	dwayne	gather round , children , for the legend of el chupanibre .
31	vyolet	crocodile .
31	dwayne	whatever .
31	leela	wait . our pet nibbler loves fresh crocodile . it 's his favourite treat . he must be el chupanibre .
31	bender	hey , yeah !
31	raoul	you unleashed the dreaded el chupanibre upon us ? then you are our sworn enemies .
31	leela	you do n't understand . he would never hurt people . let us help you capture him .
31	dwayne	impossible . if the legend is true , our only hope is to offer him a snack-rifice .
31	raoul	yes . an unspoiled virgin .
31	leela	i volunteer .
31	vyolet	nice try , leela , but we 've all seen zapp brannigan 's webpage .
31	bender	oh , i made myself feel bad .
31	raoul	she 'll have to do . chain her to the post ! and rip her shirt a little . behold . when el chupanibre comes for the , uh , " virgin " , he will be snared by this rope trap .
31	dwayne	( quietly ) shh . el chupanibre comes soon . it is nightfall .
31	leela	nightfall ? how can you tell down here ?
31	dwayne	the tide is coming in .
31	vyloet	quiet , the beast approaches .
31	bender	nibbler ! aw , come here precious ! look everyone , it 's el chupanibre .
31	dwayne	that 's not el chupanibre .
31	bender	say what ?
31	dwayne	that 's el chupanibre .
31	fry	i 'll take care of this .
31	leela	bender , do something .
31	bender	i 'm too scared .
31	fry	leela , your scaredness is being transmitted straight to bender . if you care about nibbler , stop caring about him !
31	leela	i ca n't . i love every living creature .
31	fry	even me ?
31	leela	as a friend .
31	fry	damn .
31	bender	listen to me , leela : i 'm an expert at not caring . the secret is to stop giving a rat 's ass about anyone else and start thinking of the things that you want , that you deserve , that the world owes you .
31	leela	well , i could use a new tank top .
31	bender	bigger ! bigger !
31	leela	a fashionable tank top . and designer boots ... encrusted with jewels .
31	bender	do n't stop now , you 'll need some pants to go with that outfit .
31	leela	yeah . and i could afford it all if i did n't have to feed that stupid nibbler .
31	bender	bender is back . i 'll save you , nibbler .
31	fry	bender 's gon na be killed !
31	leela	you know what else i could use ? a weekend at one of those fancy spas . and a toblerone .
31	fry	( cheering ) yeah !
31	leela	you did it !
31	raoul	let 's have a tissue-tape parade !
31	bender	no thanks .
31	dwayne	gather round , children , to hear the legend of bender .
31	farnsworth	that was a disgusting story .
31	leela	and it 's all thanks to bender . i love you , bender .
31	bender	i love you too . get that stupid chip out of me before i kill myself !
31	farnsworth	bender , you wo n't believe this , but the empathy chip burned out . the emotion you felt for nibbler was actually your own .
31	fry	looks like bender learned an important lesson about respecting other people 's feelings afterall .
31	farnsworth	no , i 'm wrong . the empathy chip was running at triple capacity .
31	bender	and i still barely felt anything . goodnight , losers !
31	leela	you know , bender may not have learned anything from me , but i think i actually learned something from him . ( shouting ) so long , jerkwads !
31	farnsworth	so long !
32	bender	ahem ! for my next trick , notice i have nothing up my sleeves ...... and nothing in my head . so if my lovely assistant will kindly supply me with an ordinary , non-fake pitcher of milk ...... behold the milk has vanished ! exiled , perhaps , to another dimension !
32	fry	amazing ! that 's why they call you " bender the magnificent " !
32	bender	no it is n't !
32	fry	whoa ! they discovered an intact , 20th century pizzeria ! just like the one i used to work at !
32	bender	interesting . no wait the other thing - tedious !
32	fry	lets go check it out . you can see how i lived before i met you .
32	bender	you lived before you met me ?
32	fry	sure . lots of people did .
32	bender	really ?
32	bender	truly , they were as gods who build this place !
32	tour guide	next , we come to the splendidly preserved wooden pizza paddle . scientists theorise it was used to gently discipline the delivery boy .
32	fry	wait a second ! this is panucci 's ! i used to work in this exact pizzeria ! and for your information lady , this was not just used to paddle my butt , it was also used to move pizzas and crush rats .
32	tour guide	i do n't know where you get your facts sir but i am a volunteer housewife with 45 minutes of orientation and a harlequin romance about archeologists !
32	fry	do n't wave your fancy degrees at me . i recognise all this stuff . petrified sausages , old mr patelli , and that 's
32	voice	yes ?
32	fry	pizza delivery for mr. ..... seymour asses .
32	voice	there 's no one by that name here ... or anywhere . i hope that in time you 'll realise what an idiot you 've been .
32	fry	i would n't count on it .
32	fry	aww . poor little guy . you look like you have n't eaten in a month . here ...... but if mr panucci asks , your name is seynour asses ! i like you seymour , you 're not constantly judging me like all the other dogs - are you ? nah . we understand each other . people think you 're a dumb mutt who smells bad , ca n't find a girlfriend and has a crummy job . but you 're keepin ' it real and call no man " mister . " well goodbye . live long and prosper .
32	bender	yuck ! that 's the least appetising calzone i 've ever seen !
32	fry	no ! that 's my dog in there ! it 's an outrage i say !
32	bender	ow ow ow !
32	fry	i 'm taking him home and i 'd like to see anyone try and stop me . uh-oh !
32	fry	ow , oo ow , oo ah !
32	bender	... and then he was ejected by the guards . needless to say , i was mortified .
32	fry	well it 's not right to make my dead pet an exhibit . that 's like digging up lassie and putting her on display in the louvre .
32	amy	lassie is on display in the louvre .
32	fry	i know , i was deliberately describing a similar situation .
32	farnsworth	why do n't you try protesting ? like those native martians . always whining that people do n't treat their ancestor 's bones with respect .
32	bender	nah , protesting never works .
32	fry	you 're right . i 'll give it a shot !
32	crowd	what do you want ?
32	crowd	( chanting ) when do you want it ?
32	crowd	yaaay !
32	leela	it says this part of the hustle implores the gods to grant a favour . usually a trans-am .
32	fry	i 'm walking on sunshine ! ooo-oo-ooh ! i 'm walking on sunshine ! ooo-oo-ooh ! at a boy seymour ! right here waiting for me as always ! just like that huge mushroom in my shower !
32	panucci	hey there 's our little mascot ! aww you been swimming in the sewer again ? you little rascal ! fry , cleanup !
32	fry	seymour , cleanup ! good dog !
32	panucci	that 's a good seymour !
32	boy	yo ! there 's dog fur on my slice !
32	panucci	nah , that 's vermicelli ! no fur in here !
32	fry	he 's so cute ! he can do two things at one time : eat and swim . ooo - three things .
32	leela	fry , its been three days . you ca n't keep boogie-ing like this . you 'll come down with a fever of some sort .
32	beeler	mr. fry ? i 'm dr ben beeler , the paleontologist who discovered your dog , or as some call it , the beeler-saurus .
32	fry	so do i get seymour back ? are you caving to political pressure ?
32	beeler	no we 're sorry but there 's just too much that fossil can teach us about dogs from your time .
32	fry	his name was seymour . he was once intimate with the leg of a wandering saxaphonist . he had wet dog smell , even when dry . and he was not above chasing the number 29 bus .
32	ray	the 29 ? interesting .
32	beeler	that 's all i needed , ray ?
32	ray	i 'm good .
32	beeler	ok then , here 's your dog back .
32	fry	seymour !
32	bender	lady and gentleman ! how ' bout a hand for my temporary replacement assistant ?
32	zoidberg	i was all in this part ! its magic !
32	bender	you are not fit to wear fry 's leotard !
32	zoidberg	stop !
32	fry	good news everyone !
32	bender	hooray , he 's back ! he 's looking for a garbage can to put that dog in ! here you go buddy !
32	farnsworth	no , actually we 've discovered fry 's dog was fast-fossilised , preserving it 's cellular structure !
32	fry	which means ... we can clone it ! seymour will live again !
32	zoidberg	a little land mammal !
32	fry	can you believe it bender ? i 'm going to have my best friend back !
32	cubert	why the idiot convention ?
32	farnsworth	ah cubert , my precious babe . i 'm going to attempt to clone fry 's dog . using the very same apparatus i used to clone you ! ooo look , there 's a smidge of toe still in here . you see , beneath the fossil 's crunchy , mineral shell , there 's still a creamy core of dog nougat !
32	fry	so will seymour remember how to sing walking on sunshine ?
32	farnsworth	amazingly yes . in cases of rapid fossilisation , i can press this brain scan button , retrieving seymour 's memories at the precise instant of doggy death !
32	fry	i 'm gon na get my puppy back ! in your face , grim reaper !
32	bender	crappy ineffective reaper !
32	farnsworth	i just need to reset the clone-o-mat from human mode to dog mode .
32	woman's voice	the dog says
32	farnsworth	uh-oh , this may take a while .
32	kid	you stink loser !
32	panucci	hey , fry . pizza goin ' out . c'mon !
32	fry	but i 'm celebrating new years eve .
32	panucci	like you got squat to celebrate ! you 're a delivery boy this millenium and you 'll be a delivery boy next millenium ! what 's with seymour ? its like he do n't want you to go . or he thinks your pants is too short or somethin' . which is crazy 'cause frankly you look fabulous . now get goin ' !!
32	fry	i wo n't be gone long seymour . just wait here 'til i come back .
32	fry	hello ? pizza delivery for ...... icy wiener ?! aw crud ! i always thought at this point in my life i 'd be the one making the crank calls ! here 's to another lousy millenium . what the ?
32	bender	a dog collar for me ? you should n't have !
32	fry	that 's for seymour .
32	bender	oh . say why 'd you get me a subscription to the daily growl ? that 's not a reputable journal of opinion .
32	fry	oh that 's also for seymour . i 'm getting everything ready for when he 's cloned .
32	bender	are you on the jump fry ? why are you wasting time on a creature of inferior intelligence ?
32	fry	hey he was smart . he could fetch .
32	bender	i can fetch .
32	fry	he could dig up bones .
32	bender	hello ? charlamange ? plus , i 'll bet he could n't create a laser show with his head .
32	fry	look bender , this has nothing to do with you .
32	bender	that 's impossible !
32	fry	now if you 'll excuse me i 'm working on seymour 's doghouse .
32	bender	no one ever asks if bender would like to live in a tiny little house . not that i would . a tiny little house that says " bender " on it . ow !
32	fry	this is fry . if you 're calling about the used towels for sale , they 're still available for $ 45 each .
32	mr fry	phil , it 's your father . where are you ? you 're holding up new years brunch . your brother ca n't wait any longer .
32	yancy	hello first baloney of the new millenium ! ah here he comes . that 's him and seymour .
32	mrs fry	well that 's odd . seymour 's here but - - go ! go ! touchdown !! but where 's philip ?
32	mr fry	i 'm tellin ' you the y2k computer 's got him . we 'll face burnin ' roads , rivers explodin ' and calculators transformed into scud missiles . there 's nothing we can do . what 's that seymour ? you walking on sunshine ?
32	yancy	he 's trying to tell us something . maybe he can lead us to philip .
32	yancy	should we follow him ?
32	mr fry	to our deaths ? negatory .
32	mr fry	it 's the y2k tryin ' to lure us into an ambush . and i ai n't buyin ' it . pass the baloney .
32	fry	are you two gon na be done soon ?
32	leela	sorry , but we need to practice hand to hand combat in case an enemy knocks the laser gun out of our hands and they slide waaay across the room .
32	fry	well could you do it some place else ? i 'm setting up seymour 's doggy bed .
32	leela	ok .
32	bender	heel boy , heel ! oh hello fry , i guess i did n't notice you there . i 'm having such fun with my new best friend robo-puppy .
32	fry	that 's nice .
32	bender	i was just out walking him . yes . you can walk him . of course , after he goes you have to refill the canisters . c'mere boy ! pet , pet , pet .
32	robo-puppy	robo-puppy receiving petting .
32	amy	bender , are you jealous of fry 's puppy ? that 's so adorable !
32	bender	jealous ? hah ! not while i have the love of robo-puppy here . robo-puppy , lick my cheek .
32	robo-puppy	robo-puppy preparing to lick cheek . robo-puppy commencing cheek licking . licking in progress . licking complete .
32	bender	robo-puppy truly is robots best friend ! eh ?
32	fry	ah there , perfect !
32	holo-farnsworth	good news everyone ! the clone-o-mat is ready !
32	leela	woohoo !
32	amy	yay !
32	fry	finally !
32	robo-puppy	robo-puppy commencing two hour yipping session . robo-puppy mistreatment alert ! robo-puppy mistreatment alert !
32	farnsworth	behold once more the mighty clone-o-mat ! requiring such vast amounts of electricity that we must harness the elemental power of nature itself ! i speak of course ... of molten lava ! deep within the earth 's core . to the sub-basement !
32	fry	come on boy ! come back to life !
32	bender	fry c'mon , the talent show !
32	fry	what ? i 'm in the middle of something .
32	bender	but , if we do n't perform , in what sense do we have an act ?
32	fry	bender , enough ! leave me alone !
32	bender	so that 's how it is huh ? i thought you were my friend . but if you love your dog so much then maybe you 'd rather play fetch !
32	leela	no !
32	zoidberg	oh !
32	bender	now i 'm all you got !
32	fry	i hate you ! i hate you ! you evil metal man ! ow !
32	bender	so anyway your dog is melted . now we 're friends again .
32	farnsworth	not necessarily . for the dog may yet survive .
32	fry	may yet ? really ?
32	farnsworth	indeed . you see , that fossil was made of dolomite . the tough black mineral that wo n't cop out when there 's heat all about . by contrast , observe the lava 's affect on this ice swan . of course , that would have melted even at room temperature . i just wanted to get rid of it . but had it been made of that righteous mineral dolomite , there 's a slim chance it might have survived .
32	fry	so seymour might still exist ?
32	farnsworth	perhaps . for a few minutes . it 's dolomite baby !
32	fry	then i 'm goin ' in after him .
32	amy	no !
32	zoidberg	stop !
32	fry	he 'd come after me .
32	leela	acting like a moron wo n't bring your dog back .
32	fry	then all hope is lost . goodbye seymour .
32	bender	please stop crying fry . here . i assumed you were just pretending to love the dog . to toy with my emotions . oh what have i done ?
32	zoidberg	you did n't do anything . do n't beat yourself up .
32	bender	fry , i 'm sorry . i should have understood how someone can love an inferior creature . because i love you . not in the way of the ancient greeks , but in the way a robot loves a human , a human loves a dog and occassionally , a gorilla loves a kitty . i 'm goin ' in !
32	farnsworth	i 'm a professor ! why is n't anyone listening to me ? you ca n't go in because you 'll melt . the fossil only has a chance because it 's made of dolomite !
32	bender	i 'm 40 % dolomite !
32	bender	oh it 's hot , it 's very hot !
32	cryogenisist	ugh , i am one hungover cryogenisist ! just throw that mutt in the freezer until his owners get here !
32	man	you ca n't solve all your problems by freezing them boss .
32	cryogenisist	i think you 're forgetting our motto .
32	mr fry	are you the cryogenisist who called about our son 's dog ?
32	cryogenisist	oh you must be the fry 's . yeah he 's right over there .
32	mrs fry	sorry we 're late , we all got sick from eating bad baloney !
32	mr fry	y2k !
32	mrs fry	what 's he so worked up about ?
32	mr fry	he 's just upset because our boy 's missing . c'mon you overgrown rat . lead us to philip .
32	leela	bender 's been down there too long . i 'm going in after him .
32	farnsworth	professor ! lava ! hot !
32	fry	this is all my fault . i let my best friend risk his life just to get my dead dog back . bender !!
32	bender	and that is why they call me bender the magnificent ! hey where 'd everybody go ?
32	bender	ok ! let 's clone us some dog !
32	fry	yeah !
32	farnsworth	very well . let this abomination unto the lord begin ! interesting . it seems seymour died at the ripe old age of
32	fry	15 ? you mean he lived for 12 more years after i got frozen ?
32	farnsworth	indeed .
32	fry	stop the cloning .
32	farnsworth	oh sure ! smash the smart guy 's machine !
32	bender	fry , what 's wrong ?
32	fry	think about it . seymour lived a full life after i was gone . he probably added new songs to his repertoire .
32	bender	but that 's a good thing . walking on sunshine sucks noodles !
32	fry	i had seymour 'til he was three . that 's when i knew him and that 's when i loved him . i 'll never forget him . but he forgot me a long long time ago .
33	amy	woohoo ! shman ! the great rad spot is mega sweet for mega party-boarding .
33	farnsworth	indeed .
33	amy	any calls while i was out ?
33	leela	yeah . you got a telesonic transmission from kif a couple hours ago .
33	amy	my kiffie called ? kif ?
33	kif	ooo amy you 're back . another hour and i would have thought about hanging up .
33	amy	why did n't you just leave a message sweetie ?
33	kif	well um , i 've left hundreds of messages with your answering machine but you never seem to ...
33	amy	bender !
33	bender	not my fault if you do n't check me ! messages erased .
33	kif	oh dearest , this long distance relationship is too much to bear ...... when even an inch seperates us i quiver with misery . so you can imagine how i feel when it 's a billion light years .
33	amy	kif , do n't cry , or you 'll get a tummy ache .
33	zapp	lieutenant , some things came off me and clogged the drain so if you could ...... oh ho ! what 's this ?
33	zapp	well well well ! do my eyes believe me or is that my bosomy swan , leela ?
33	leela	say again . you 're breaking up !
33	farnsworth	good news everyone . you 'll be delivering pain medicine to the hive mind of nigel
33	scruffy	scruffy 's rollin ' out a large pill !
33	amy	you 're going to nigel 7 ? kif 's on patrol near there ! you could drop me off on the way !
33	farnsworth	we could but we wo n't ! it 's a spaceship dammit not a prom limousine ! if anyone needs me i 'll be in the angry dome .
33	leela	this is a very long trip , so we 'll all have to go into hibernative-naptosis to save oxygen .
33	bender	i do n't even breathe oxygen !
33	amy	here i come kif !
33	zapp	they jump right out of their pants ! oh what now ? activate glass window . kif , i 'm sensing a very sensual disturbance in the force . prepare for ship-to-ship intimacy !
33	kif	yes sir captain !
33	zapp	how ' bout i help you finish that dream you were having about me ?
33	leela	ok , i was just at this part : heyya !
33	zapp	uh , let 's try that a little lower and a lot softer !
33	kif	imagine you stowing away and stealing a licenced starship ! oh it 's so romantic it gives me the shivvers !
33	amy	i do n't care how much trouble i get in . i needed to feel my lips pressed against your lipless beak !
33	kif	oh amy , i ca n't stand having a whole universe between us . i 've been thinking a lot about this and , well , would you move in with me ?
33	amy	here ? but ... uh ... would n't it be crowded ?
33	kif	no no , it 's really twice the size ! you can use the floor and , i 'll have the ceiling ! see ?
33	amy	kif ! you have so much creativity and niceness , but ...... i 'm not sure if i
33	kif	hush ! before you answer , come thither !
33	kif	this is the holo-shed . it can simulate anything you desire , and nothing can hurt you . except when it malfunctions and the holograms become real .
33	amy	well , that probably wo n't happen this time .
33	kif	i wanted to show you what life would be like if we were together . computer : run program kif-1 .
33	amy	this is so beautiful ! spirit ! kif ! that 's the pony i always wanted but my parents said i had too many ponies already !
33	kif	yes . i prgorammed it in for you ! 4 million lines of basic ! and , if this is n't the life you want , how ' bout this ? run program kif-2 !
33	amy	oh kif !
33	kif	we could live here by the shore of the tranquilibrious sea , in a timeshare . and i would pluck the moon from the sky , just to see you smile . almost got it . it seems to be sort of , stuck ! i love you ! run program kif : / / 3 .
33	amy	this is n't bad . my aunt had a place like this .
33	kif	amy , we could live in a bus station bathroom for all i care . as long as we 're together it will feel like a castle to me .
33	amy	kif , i 'd love to live with you ... someday . but before then there 's still lots i wan na do on my own . what was that ?
33	kif	oh dear . i feel the holo-shed might be broken again . well , as long as we do n't cross paths with atilla the -
33	amy	look ! spirit !
33	kif	and there 's professor moriarty , jack the ripper , evil lincoln !
33	moriarty	right-o gents it 's another simulation gone mad so murder and mayhem , standard procedure !
33	jack the ripper	rampage !!
33	evil lincoln	real hologram simulated evil lincoln is back !!
33	kif	the holo-shed 's on the fritz again , the characters turned real !
33	zapp	damn . the last time that happened i got slapped with three paternity suits . listen up history 's greatest villains ...... get back into the holo-shed before i start blasting !
33	atilla the hun	stop ! do n't shoot fire stick in space canoe ! cause explosive decompression !
33	zapp	spare me your space-age technobabble atilla the hun !
33	amy	kif ! hold on !
33	kif	i totally want to !
33	leela	grab on !
33	fry	over here !
33	kif	hold me !
33	bender	have a good one ! aw , man !
33	zapp	after all that i could use some relaxation . i 'll be in the holo-shed .
33	doctor	well , except for a few broken bones , some internal hemoraging and a partially barfed up heart , everyone appears fine . oh and kif is pregnant .
33	kif	oh joy !
33	kif	amy , is n't it wonderful ? i 'm pregnant !
33	amy	yes it 's ... great . a great miracle .
33	leela	and not one of those bogus everyday miracles like a sunrise . are n't you a male ?
33	bender	yeah what 's the deal ? just when i thought i 'd figured out you biological creatures , its something else ! lem me at ' im ! come ... over ... lem me ... !
33	zapp	look , i 'm sure we 're all a little unclear on how anyone gets pregnant . so kif , pray explain . and do n't spare the dirty words where appropriate .
33	kif	well it 's quite simple really . when one of my species experiences deep feelings of love we enter a so called " receptive state . "
33	zapp	you disgust me ! go on .
33	kif	at that point , our skin becomes a semi-permeable membrane which allows the passage of genetic material . i held amy 's hand and voila .
33	bender	oh ok . but that better be all there is !
33	kif	oh amy ! you 'll be a mother !
33	kif	what a wonderous affirmation of our love ! and all from the touch of your hand .
33	fry	dude hold up ! remember when zapp blew a hole in the ship ?
33	evil lincoln	indeed .
33	fry	kif touched everybody there . could n't any one of us be the mother ?
33	amy	hey yeah ! i mean ... what about that kif ?
33	kif	well i suppose i might have gotten pregnant that way . or even from a toilet seat . though that 's impossible since i have a private washroom .
33	zapp	ah , my home away from home . by the way kif , your flush seemed to be set on stun , not kill .
33	amy	look kif , i probably am the mother . although maybe i 'm not . of course i hope i am but just in case i 'm not , maybe we should have a test .
33	bender	a test . i demand a test !
33	farnsworth	even i laughed at me when i built this alien cross species genetic analyser but i guess i showed myself ! subjects , please enter the chamber . now to take a dna sample . when i pull this switch the maternifuge will spin at 10,000 rpm , seperating out everyone who is n't the mother .... father ... whatever .
33	bender	faster ! faster !
33	farnsworth	good . fry 's ejection indicates that he is not the man-mom . nor is captain brannigan .
33	kif	oh thank you merciful god !
33	farnsworth	zoidberg ?! what the hell were you doing in there ?
33	zoidberg	that 's where i live . i have no home .
33	kif	amy ? but that means ...
33	kif	leela must have impregnated me when she grabbed my ungloved hand . that explains the poster in hygiene class : no glove , no love .
33	leela	wow , this is all so confusing .
33	zapp	leela ! how could you ? our love has had to endure your constant hatred and now this ? ( crying ) stop testing our love !
33	kif	please captain . i thank leela for the dna she gave me but in my species , the true parent is the one that inspired the initial feeling of love . we call that person the smizmar . and my smizmar is amy .
33	zapp	so the toilet seat is like the uncle or something ?
33	leela	sorry i got your boyfriend pregnant .
33	amy	that 's ok , at least kif 's baby shower should be fun . i 'd better put it on my calendar . ( to calendar ) thursday : baby shower . enter . might as well plan for my new life while i 'm at it . ( to calendar ) set motherhood mode .
33	leela	to motherhood .
33	amy	mom , dad , i know this is weird but -
33	mrs wong	yeah yeah , we do n't care how squishy alien get pregnant . all we care is we have grandchild now .
33	kif	you 're very open-minded mrs wong .
33	mr wong	hey ! you call her grandma now !
33	mrs wong	call me grandma like crazy ! all the time !
33	fry	check it out y' all . everyone we invited is here .
33	zoidberg	also zoidberg !
33	fry	so lets open the gifts !
33	kif	lets start with this one . from bender .
33	bender	it 's my booties from when i was a kid .
33	amy	uh , they 're already bronzed .
33	bender	they are bronze .
33	kif	and this one 's from leela , oh i just love the bow ! i wonder what it is !
33	zapp	yes i wonder what we got you .
33	kif	it 's a basket ! f-for picnics ?
33	leela	it means a lot to me . it 's the basket my parents left me in at the orphanarium .
33	hermes	you could use it for picnics .
33	mrs wong	here amy . we get this one for you .
33	amy	is it a party board ?
33	mrs wong	it 's a board alright ! an ironing board !
33	mr wong	we had your old party board converted now that you not be partying anymore .
33	amy	you , you trashed my party board ?
33	mrs wong	damn right ! now you 're a mom , the only surfing you do is under a big wave of responsibilty .
33	kif	oh this is the happiest moment of my life ! you all brought such wonderful gifts ! but the greatest gift ...
33	bender	mine !
33	kif	... is the bond i share with my smizmar amy . and soon , the quivvering mass of life within me will depend on us both . even now i can sense it feeding , squirming , searching , questing and shortly , it will wren my loins into way and pull us down , down , down into the deep dark waters of commitment .
33	zoidberg	that 's so beautiful !
33	amy	yes , yes it 's ...... no ! i ca n't do this !
33	bender	oh my god !
33	kif	oh how could amy leave me ? when will women learn to take responsibilty for the children they 've helped create ? the quickening ! my time is near . i must return to my homeworld to perform the ancient birthing rites .
33	scruffy	lem me know how that turns out .
33	kif	i must now embark on a perilous journey . to give birth in precisely the same swamp i was born .
33	leela	if it 's so dangerous i 'd better go with you . a gal has to protect her dna .
33	kif	no leela . tradition demands that i make this journey with my smizmar , and since amy is n't here i must go it alone . farewell . for we may never meet again .
33	kif	my scrapes feel a little better now .
33	bender	hey , what 's this fat ugly thing ? a frog ? a toad ? or your momma !
33	kif	it 's a poisonous froad ! no one move .
33	bender	i 'm back baby !
33	kif	behold . the sacred ancestral birthing grounds of my family .
33	zapp	smells like a jockstrap .
33	midwife	i am the grand midwife .
33	fry	hi !
33	kif	i am kif of the clan kroker . i come to bear my young .
33	midwife	then let the tea of new life be brewed . as it is written " and both shall lift the jug together " . where is your smizmar ?
33	kif	she 's not with me .
33	midwife	oh the sorrow . oh the shame . i 'm sorry i 'm probably just making you feel worse .
33	kif	as long as amy is with me in my heart i will have the strength of two . apparently amy has n't been working out much lately .
33	midwife	as the tea boils please join hands with your beloved smizmar . oh right sorry , but i memorised the ceremony by heart and it mentions her a lot .
33	kif	i 'll try to endure .
33	midwife	good 'cause i 'm not changing it . now turn ye to and gaze deeply into each other 's eyes .
33	bender	what are you looking at ?
33	midwife	may the love i sense between you at this moment remain with you both for all your days . the tea of new life is ready . let those who 's love created this life speak each other 's names , then drink .
33	kif	amy .
33	amy	kif !
33	kif	amy ! is it you or have i gone crazy with lonliness ?
33	bender	both .
33	amy	i still do n't know if i 'm ready for this but , i do know i love you . and i wan na be here beside you .
33	midwife	great ! now i lost my place ! i 'm starting over !
33	kif	oh no time ! it has begun ! oh my !
33	bender	neat !
33	amy	you can do it kif !
33	kif	oh nearly !
33	bender	aww man !
33	kif	amy my love , tell me , are they making it to the water ?
33	leela	amy !
33	amy	shoo ! stay away from my babies !
33	midwife	the birthing is complete !
33	kif	oh thank you !
33	midwife	i will now take my leave . i live here so i wo n't actually be going anywhere but you do n't have to talk to me anymore .
33	fry	congratulations !
33	zapp	nice work !
33	bender	way to go squishy !
33	leela	there goes my dna . what a disgusting and beautiful process .
33	fry	that 's birth for you .
33	kif	well we 've given them a great start amy . and in 20 years they 'll sprout legs and crawl back onto land as children .
33	amy	and i 'll be ready then .
34	farnsworth	good news , everyone ! you all know the orphanarium where leela grew up ?
34	fry	sure . we talk about it all the time .
34	leela	really ?
34	fry	no . burn !
34	farnsworth	well done , fellows ! anyway , said orphanarium has named leela orphan of the year .
34	amy	yee-ha !
34	bender	all right !
34	amy	your parents must be so proud . oops ! sorry .
34	farnsworth	and the good news keeps on coming . behold my latest invention .
34	bender	neat .
34	farnsworth	ta-da ! it 's a glow-in-the-dark nose you can wear over your regular non-glowing nose . observe .
34	amy	whoa , clool !
34	bender	now i can punch you in the nose in the dark .
34	bender	( snuffed ) where 'd it go ?
34	amy	hey , professor what 's all this scloop , glorking out of the machine ?
34	farnsworth	that ? it 's uh ... nothing . yes , nothing . if you think it 's anything you 're a suspicous moron .
34	hermes	it looks like toxic waste . and it smells like toxic waste .
34	fry	what does it taste like ?
34	hermes	delicious fig pudding ! ooh , that 's good ! but a distinct aftertaste of toxic waste .
34	farnsworth	alright , alright so the machine produces a few toxic by-products ! you do n't have to make a federal case out of it .
34	hermes	i 'm afraid i do . i order you dispose of that toxic waste properly , or bribe me . either way it 'll cost $ 500 .
34	bender	500 real dollars ? that 's an outrage ! professor , i 'll take care of that waste for $ 499 and 100 cents .
34	farnsworth	hmm , i know that 's a rip but i 'll pay for the convenience . do you take credit cards ?
34	bender	let 's find out .
34	bender	alright , environment , you 've met your match !
34	smitty	hey , get back in the sewer , weirdy . no mutants on the surface .
34	vyolet	but he ruined my wedding dress .
34	bender	honey , that thing was ruined the minute it went on you . that 's what i 'm talkin ' ' bout .
34	vogel	y' know , it 's not easy being an orphan , not if i have anything to do with it . but today 's honouree , turanga leela , has really made something of herself . i 'll never forget the night that cute little alien baby was abandoned on our doorstep . because i have a photographic memory and i remember every night !
34	vogel	what the ... ? an alien language ? i guess you 're an alien . what a beautiful gigantic eye you ha -- well , come on in .
34	vogel	from those humble beginnings leela went on to become a county-certified starship captain . and so it is my pleasure today , to nail her picture alongside those of our most distinguished alumini .
34	leela	thank you very much . like many of you i never knew my parents ...
34	vogel	give me a -- argh !
34	leela	... i do n't know if they were mighty alien overlords or simply underpaid alien janitors who fought crime on the side --
34	vogel	picture 's up .
34	bender	( shouting ) it 's crooked !
34	leela	... in the end though , it does n't matter who my parents were . all that matters is what i learned here , within these unscalable walls , that i have strength to make it on my own , just like all of you kids here today .
34	kids	( chanting ) leela ! leela ! leela !
34	nina	look at me ! i 'm leela !
34	albert	nuh uh , 'cause i 'm double leela !
34	vogel	that 's it , albert , no more espresso for you .
34	photographer	mind if i get a picture of you with your picture for the news , ma'am ?
34	leela	yes ! i mean no ! just make sure you get my nonchalant side !
34	guy	wooo !
34	fry	if those are n't tears of happiness , please stop crying .
34	leela	( crying ) it 's ok , fry , i 'm fine . i won an award today .
34	fry	is it this room that 's making you sad ? it 's probably the room . come on , lets go for a walk .
34	leela	i 'm sorry you saw that , fry . i usually try to keep my sadness pent up inside where it can fester quietly as a mental illness .
34	fry	yeah , i do that with my stupidness .
34	leela	i told a whole crowd today that being an orphan made me strong . but all i really wanted was a mom and dad , to hold me and stroke my hair and tell me they loved me .
34	fry	then today 's your lucky day because i happen to be a holding , stroking , lovin ' machine ! also spankin ' !
34	leela	that 's not even close to what i had in mind .
34	fry	well , anyway , just remember that people care about you .
34	leela	i know . sometimes when i 'm lonely , i look up at the sky and i get this feeling that somewhere , on some unknown planet , circling a distant star , my parents are up there , looking down on me .
34	fry	yo yo , bezender ! what up ?
34	bender	my dumping business is booming . i just got hired to clean up the set of free willy 3 .
34	leela	bender ! cut it out ! first of all the sewer mutants will be mad . second , everything else that 's horribly wrong with what you 're doing !
34	bender	ah , those stupid mutants ca n't do anything . you seem to be forgetting one simple fact , namely , i 'm up here and they are safely down --
34	bender	( shouting ) what did i do to deserve this ?
34	dwayne	behold , our once beautiful mutigenic sewage lake .
34	vyolet	the radioactive waste you dumped in it has made it brighten up to see how ugly we really are .
34	dwayne	oh , man !
34	raoul	as if our lives were n't miserable enough already !
34	leg mutant	tell me about it !
34	raoul	let the punishment commence !
34	leela	punishment ?
34	fry	no fair !
34	bender	bender 's innocent !
34	raoul	the instant you touch these mutatious waters your dna will be forever altered , turning you into horrible mutants like us . especially him ! allow me to demonstrate !
34	fry	it 's like that time i peeked in the kitchen at imperial hunan .
34	raoul	submerge the prisoners .
34	bender	wait . i do n't even have dna . why am i screaming ?
34	dwayne	we 're gon na beat you afterwards .
34	mutants	( chanting ) mutate ! mutate ! mutate ! ...
34	hooded figure #1	( shouting ) turanga leela !
34	leela	who said that ? how do you know my real name ?
34	bender	whee !
34	raoul	what are you doing ? stop it .
34	fry	what happened ?
34	leela	i do n't know . i think i saved us somehow .
34	raoul	( shouting ) go after them ! the waters ca n't mutate us mutants !
34	raoul	they went this way !
34	bender	quick ! in there !
34	dwayne	kill ! kill ! kill !
34	leela	great chichi 's ghost !
34	bender	what 's this junk ?
34	leela	it looks like ... a timeline of my whole life .
34	fry	that 's when we saved earth from a giant asteroid of garbage .
34	leela	and here 's when i dropped out and bummed around india for a while .
34	bender	and this is just last year at space mardi gras .
34	leela	its like some kind of weird leela museum ... and i 'm the leela !
34	fry	( whispering ) dude ! over here !
34	leela	it 's all the best stuff i ever flushed down the toilet ! those are some of my diary pages . and my screenplay !
34	fry	and also - for some reason - the letter i wrote you full of my personal feelings .
34	leela	oh , i 'm scared ! my whole life has just been a show for some perverted mutant !
34	vyolet	they must be in here .
34	raoul	yeah , after them .
34	bender	and then bender ran !
34	fry	leela , freak out later . we 're not done escaping yet !
34	dwayne	got ya !
34	leg mutant	take this !
34	fry	ow !
34	raoul	this time i 'm calling for the death penalty . and not just because i 'm running for re-election as supreme mutant .
34	mutants	( chanting ) four more years ! four more years !
34	raoul	oh , very well . your attention . instead of being tortured to death , the prisoners shall hereby be expelled from the sewers and never allowed to return .
34	bender	( sarcastic ) oh cruel fate ! can we really never return to this dank pit of sewage ?!
34	leela	wait a minute . why are n't you gon na kill us anymore ?
34	bender	yeah ! what are you chicken ? buk buk buk bukuk !
34	fry	( whispering ) shut up , you two ! we can kill ourselves when we get home !
34	raoul	they 'll need transportation to the surface . bring in the airship .
34	bender	eww !
34	raoul	we constructed it from the remnants of old discarded macy 's parade balloons : underdog 's groin , bart simpsons 's left ear and right shin , garfield 's owner jon 's forehead .
34	mutant	fire up the sewer gas !
34	triclops	move it ya ugly normals !
34	bender	uh , i 'm gettin ' dizzy ! i ca n't walk straight !
34	fry	come on leela . you can do it !
34	bender	hurry ! we 're missing our bus !
34	fry	whoa ! what are you doing ?
34	bender	i 'm gettin ' on the bus !
34	leela	( shouting ) do n't worry ! i 'll be fine ! ( talking ) they know something about me and i 've got to find out what . the lake did n't mutate me . what is going on here ?!
34	octopus	it worked for me . i used to be a little blonde girl named virginia .
34	leela	eurgh ! who the hell are you ?
34	hooded figure #1	no one . and watch your language young lady !
34	triclops	stop right there ! i do n't want to hurt you . i did n't want you to hurt me either .
34	fry	leela 's going nuts and i ca n't save her unless i learn more about her mysterious past . is n't there anything else you can tell me ?
34	vogel	nah . nothing that would n't be a waste of your time .
34	fry	that 's impossible because my time is worthless !
34	vogel	huh . well then there is one thing . it 's the note i found with leela the day she was abandoned . but it 's written in alienese , so no-one on earth can translate it . not even brainzilla .
34	fry	hand it over .
34	vogel	sure . i just wish i could be more helpful . would you like some dirt on any other orphans ?
34	fry	look , i 'm trying to save someone here . i 'll have to come back for those later .
34	fry	can you translate it ?
34	farnsworth	of course . but only into beta crypt 3 , a language so complex , there 's even less chance of understanding it .
34	fry	i did n't ask for a completely reasonable excuse . i asked you to get busy .
34	farnsworth	very well .
34	fry	is n't that the same machine that makes noses ?
34	farnsworth	it can do other things . why should n't it ? of course , even if it is possible to analyse the message there 's no way of knowing how long it would take . it could take an hour or it could take a hundred million years .
34	fry	is it done ?
34	farnsworth	certainly not . two dings means it 's done . but not like that . slightly more rapid .
34	leela	where did they go ?
34	bender	good news , leela . i landed the contract to empty all the spitoons in little italy .
34	leela	ew !
34	farnsworth	that 's it , it 's done ! i ca n't believe it ! my mind is boggling . the analysis of the note is printing out now .
34	doctor	it 's a girl .
34	mother	my god ! she 's beautiful . no extra anythings .
34	father	what people skills .
34	mother	she 's completely perfect !
34	doctor	in my professional opinion as an ear , ear , ear , nose and throat doctor , she is the least-mutated mutant ever born .
34	father	and yet she 's cursed to live the horrible degrading life of a mutant . like all of us . especially him !
34	leg mutant	it 's true !
34	mother	maybe we can do better for her .
34	father	i made this bracelet so that in some small way , we 'll always be with you , even when it does n't seem like it . during your entire life , for example .
34	mother	you wo n't pass for human , cutie . but if my phd in exo-liguistics is worth diddly-poop , this note should convince them you 're an alien . and that 'll be enough to give you a real life .
34	father	she 'll never know we 're her parents .
34	mother	that 's our gift to her . better we should die than have her learn the shameful truth of her origin .
34	father	i 'm with you .
34	vogel	what a beautiful gigantic eye you ha -- . well come on in .
34	hooded figure #1	keep quiet so she does n't hear us .
34	hooded figure #2	what 's there to talk about ?
34	hooded figure #1	shhh !
34	leela	hands up ! tentacles too !
34	hooded figure #1	do n't say anything stupid , morris .
34	leela	what is all this ? am i a game to you ? or some kind of even more boring truman show ? do you belive i 'm you messiah ? your mutant dali lama ? stop me if i guess it !
34	hooded figure #2	well actually there --
34	hooded figure #1	morris ! shh !
34	leela	( angry ) and what about this ?! how did you get this bracelet ? did you steal it from me when i was a baby ? or from my parents . you robbed my parents , did n't you ? i bet you sick mutants killed them . my parents were confused aliens lost on earth and you killed them ! is that it ? admit it !
34	hooded figure #2	( sombre ) yes . we killed them .
34	hooded figure #1	you guessed the truth .
34	leela	because of you i 'll never know my parents . i 'll kill you !
34	hooded figure #1	that would be best .
34	fry	stop ! thanks bender ! do n't do it leela !
34	leela	they killed my parents !
34	fry	close .
34	leela	they are my parents .
34	munda	yes .
34	fry	i had the professor analyse the alienese letter that was found with you .
34	leela	what does it say ?
34	fry	i ' unno . but the analysis showed it was printed on recycled toilet paper . a squeezably soft paper used mainly in the sewers .
34	munda	it says , " your parents love you very much " .
34	morris	we still do .
34	leela	so , i 'm not an alien ? i 'm a mutant .
34	morris	we never wanted you to know . you deserved a better life .
34	munda	you must despise us .
34	leela	( crying ) you 're my parents . all i 've ever wanted is to know you . this is the happiest moment of my life .
34	bender	aww !
35	sewercom announcer	( pleasant female voice ) your call is being ( gruff alien voice ) connected ( pleasant female voice ) by sewercom - reach out and touch the sewers .
35	munda	look morris , it 's leela calling .
35	leela	hi mom , hi dad ! ready for your big trip to the surface ?
35	morris	we 're excited honey but we do n't wan na embarrass you . i mean your mother and i are basically monsters .
35	leela	dad , relax . you are being so mutant !
35	munda	i found this adorable little bag to wear over my head . and it was on sale !
35	leela	no one 's wearing anything adorable over their head . now listen , i could never ever be ashamed of my parents . i 'll see you this weekend .
35	leela	hey , guess who i just got off the videophone with ?
35	bender	no .
35	leela	my parents ! they 're coming up from the sewers for a visit sunday .
35	amy	are you off your rocket ? your parents are mutants . it 's illegal for them to come above ground 'cause they 're inferior genetic scum . . uh present company excluded of course !
35	leela	i 'm getting them a special one-day surface permit from citihall .
35	hermes	ooo , while you 're there , could you pick me up a licence to kill ?
35	leela	sure . bare hands or weapon ?
35	hermes	uh , what does piano wire count as ?
35	farnsworth	good news anyone , the swedish robot from pi-kea is here with the supercollider i ordered .
35	pi-kea robot	enjoy your affordable swedish crap !
35	fry	let 's see what tools we 'll need . uh-huh , uh-huh , uh-huh ! alright , we 're all set .
35	bender	nothing like the rustic wholesomeness of working with one 's own hand .
35	bender	ah , there , finished . and with only six missing pieces !
35	fry	those swedes sure know how to put in almost everything you need .
35	leela	man , i 'm sore all over . i feel like i just went ten rouns with mighty thor .
35	fry	i feel like i was mauled by jesus .
35	zoidberg	i 've got just the thing , genuine miracle cream i bought from a travelling salesman . " come one come all , " he said , " step right up ! " this sounds too good to be true i thought . he said i looked like a smart young man . " so is it a deal ? " i enquired . two hours later he was gone , with 60 of my dollars . but i have the miracle cream ...
35	farnsworth	bad news nobody , the supercollider super-exploded . i need you to take it back and exchanged it for a wobbly cd rack and some of those ransid meatballs .
35	mugger	excuse me ? hi ! do you have a minute ? i live in jersey city and my car broke down and i need to get back because my aunt 's real sick and she needs this medicine but i need money for the bus . so i 'm mugging you . hand over your wallets .
35	leela	i do n't believe that story for a second .
35	mugger	it does n't matter , i 'm mugging you .
35	fry	there 's no bus to jersey city .
35	mugger	give me your wallets now or my robot 'll shoot .
35	andrew	do n't make me hurt you .
35	fry	i 'm too scared to find my pocket . here , i 'll just take of my pants and give you those .
35	mugger	hey ! i do n't like what i 'm seeing . give it to him andrew ! give it to him again andrew ! what the ... ? laser proof shirts huh ? i 'll show you .
35	leela	what the ? hey ! quit it ! heyya !
35	mugger	foiled . and after years of planning .
35	andrew	you 're outta the game !
35	leela	how did we manage to survive ? what gave us those strange powers ?
35	fry	maybe we 're all wearing magic rings but they 're invisible rings so we do n't even realise it . also you ca n't feel the rings .
35	leela	fry , shut up and look at this ! ( reading ) may cause superpowers in humans !
35	fry	wow ! a superpowers drug you can just rub into your skin ? you 'd think it 'd be something you have to freebase .
35	leela	let 's see , which powers do we have ? super-strength ?
35	fry	yup .
35	leela	uh-huh . lickety speed ?
35	fry	check .
35	leela	yes sir ! ability to command a loyalty of sea creatures ?
35	fry	hey zoidberg , get in here !
35	leela	ai n't got that .
35	fry	nope !
35	leela	wow , superpowers ! i 'll be able to pack my day with twice as many humdrum activity .
35	fry	leela , i think you 're missing the big picture . when you were a kid what was your biggest fantasy ?
35	leela	to have parents .
35	fry	whatever . the correct answer is : to be a superhero . we have superpowers and we 're americans . this is our chance .
35	leela	hmm , i have been looking for a way to serve the community that incorporates my violence . let 's do it !
35	fry	you 'll barely regret this !
35	bender	hey , a friend of mine said he mugged you today and you had superpowers .
35	leela	it 's true . thanks to this funky fresh cream .
35	fry	now me and leela are forming an awesome crime-fighting duo .
35	bender	wow , crime-fighting . cool . you say you 're a duo ? yeah duos are good . of course sometimes they 're a little short handed . see ya . with two humans you 'd think there 'd be a robot in there ... to balance things out . but , whatever . i have these three costumes you could use . but , i guess i 'll just throw one away .
35	leela	we 'd love to have you on the team bender . but are n't you more on the supply side of crime ?
35	fry	plus the cream wo n't give you superpowers , you 're a robot .
35	bender	so ? i 'm already super-strong . and my arms do this . also i got this going .
35	leela	listen up new new york ! there 's a new group of superheros in town ! and we 're
35	leela	( shouting ) sorry ! ( whispering ) a new era of justice has begun .
35	fry	captain yesterday !
35	leela	clobberella !
35	bender	and superking ! the best one of the three !
35	fry	wow !
35	song	go go new justice team ,
35	song	clobberella beats you up , clobberella beats you up ! who does she beat up ? you !
35	song	citizens never fear , crazy do-good freaks are here , until they run out of steam ...
35	bender	ta-da !
35	woman	captain yesterday , i find your skintight highwaters incredibly sexy ! let 's get together sometime !
35	fry	sure . i 'm listed in the phone book so once i reveal my real name to you along with my home address and a copy of my birth certificate -
35	leela	are you crazy ?? we have to keep our secret identities secret .
35	fry	from everybody ?
35	leela	especially from everybody .
35	fry	give several reasons why .
35	leela	for one , superheroes cause a lot of collateral damage , and we do n't wan na get our butts sued .
35	fry	or do we ... ? no i guess not .
35	leela	also , if our identities get out , every crook in the city will be after us . or , god forbid , our loved ones .
35	bender	superking has no need for loved ones . how ya doin ' kid ?
35	poopenmeyer	there you go . two one-day mutant surface passes .
35	leela	thank you mayor poopenmeyer .
35	poopenmeyer	mayor here ... what 's that ? horrible crime in the works ? ruthless villain ? citizens in danger ? that 's fantastic news ! because i get to summon the new justice team !
35	leela	shh !
35	poopenmeyer	uh , they 're usually here by now .
35	leela	well , so long . keep in touch .
35	poopenmeyer	wait , stay and meet the superheroes . there 's three of you and three of them so it 'll be perfect . is this clown on ? where are those daring crimestoppers ?
35	leela	oh , i completely forgot , i left my apartment on fire !
35	bender	uh , as for me , i 'm late for my lsat 's .
35	fry	and i ca n't take life anymore .
35	poopenmeyer	clobberella ! captain yesterday ! my liege ! you 're just in time ! we 've received a tip that the museum of natural history will be robbed tomorrow at exactly 9am . the target : the priceless quantum gemerald !
35	fry	who 's the perp ?
35	poopenmeyer	a dangerous villain know as the zookeeper , who commits crimes aided by a pack of highly trained animals .
35	fry	pack of highly . got it !
35	poopenmeyer	his crew includes a badger with a troubled past and nothing left to lose , an elephant who never forgets - to kill ! and a seldom used crab named lucky aka citizen snips .
35	leela	you can count on us mr mayor ! justice away !
35	bender	hold the elevator !
35	bender	we 're in here too .
35	fry	uh , leela , how you gon na meet your folks tomorrow ? we 've already scheduled the zookeeper for a 9am foiling at the museum .
35	leela	not a problem . i 've cleverly arranged to meet my parents right there at the same museum at 10 .
35	bender	9 , 10 a big fat hen . the name ... bender !
35	leela	i ca n't believe the zookeeper is this late for his own heist . it 's just rude ! total hell ! it 's 10 ! i 'm supposed to meet my parents and i 'm still in my secret costume ! there they are !
35	munda	how could leela not be here ? do you think she forgot ?
35	morris	relax . i 'm sure she 's just ashamed of us .
35	security guard	yo ! freakjobs ! hit the nearest manhole ! pronto like .
35	morris	but we have passes that allow us to be up here . from the mayor himself .
35	security guard	i dunno ... i never heard of no mayor .
35	randy	the zookeeper !
35	zookeeper	sorry i 'm late , long story . now everybody hit the deck ! i 'm cutting the entire line and stealing the exhibit .
35	leela	you 're not stealing anything ! nobody hit the deck !
35	zookeeper	ah , superheroes ! or should i say superzeroes !
35	fry	that was uncalled for .
35	zookeeper	animals , attack .
35	tour guide	please to not feed the animals !
35	bender	you 're going down my friend ! down under !
35	teddy roosevelt	man boxing a kangaroo is a peculiar spectacle . but a kangaroo boxing a robot ? now i 'm afraid you 've lost me ! ( shouting ) citizen snips !
35	zookeeper	nice job fingers !
35	munda	i 'm scared and confused . i think we 've wandered into an off-broadway play .
35	morris	no there are way too many people here .
35	zookeeper	later , if anyone asks how i got away , tell them right now !
35	leela	forget it zookeeper ! you 're going into captivity !
35	zookeeper	fool ! a quip without putting me behind bars would have been far more delicious ! here catch !
35	leela	no , fry you ca n't fall fast enough !
35	bender	i got it i got it ! i do n't got it !
35	teddy roosevelt	you 've saved the gemerald !
35	fry	yet the zookeeper escaped . thus proving that the deadliest animal of all is the zookeeper !
35	bender	you can get off me anytime .
35	leela	oh no ! my parents are leaving ! i 've got ta go change back into street-leela .
35	poopenmeyer	thank you mysterious heroes . the value of the gemerald you saved is slightly greater than the cost of the damage you caused to this museum . a net gain for our great city !
35	munda	it 's good that leela does n't love us . she 'll be less sad when we die .
35	leela	mom ? dad ? i showed up ! and i got the audio tour for treasures of liberachi 's tomb !
35	morris	sweetie , it 's ok . you do n't have to apologise for standing us up on the only visit to the surface we 'll ever have .
35	leela	i wan na tell you why i did n't show up . but i ca n't . just please believe me that it was a very good reason . i 'm sorry i disappointed you .
35	munda	leela , you could never disappoint us .
35	morris	we 're so proud of everything that you are . and we always will be . you 're our baby girl .
35	leela	oh , i ca n't take it ! mom , dad , i 'm clobberella !
35	morris	galloping gators !
35	munda	you 're a superhero ? well that 's wonderful ! but did you have to make the costume so revealing ?
35	morris	look at me ! proud dad of a superhero ! we should print up t-shirts ! and f-shirts for our friends with two arms on the same side !
35	leela	no , listen . it 's very important that you never ever tell anyone . under any circumstance .
35	morris	what if i 've had a few ?
35	leela	dad , you drink ? no . not even then .
35	morris	alright . my sucker is sealed .
35	leela	in fact , i should n't even be wearing this around here . it was brisk , i dressed in layers .
35	munda	that 's my girl !
35	morris	so uh , anyway , my daughter 's clobberella .
35	raoul	leela is clobberella ?
35	leg mutant	you 're pulling me !
35	morris	shh , keep it under your sock . it 's a big secret . that 's why i 'm only telling you two .
35	big eared mutant	oh my god ! that guy 's daughter is clobberella ! but do n't tell anyone .
35	big mouthed mutant	gotcha !
35	farnsworth	i do n't remember much buddy , and you 're no looker !
35	leela	uh professor , is n't it time for your nap ?
35	farnsworth	yes dammit !
35	leela	zookeeper ! how did you know our real identities ?
35	parrot	leela told her parents . leela 's parents blabbed .
35	fry	leela , is the person that parrot is mimicking telling the truth by proxy ?
35	leela	yes . my parents were so hurt , i could n't help it ! ( angry ) but i distinctly told them not to tell anyone .
35	bender	we are not amused .
35	leela	mom ! dad !
35	munda	leela please forgive us ! especially your father who 's the one who told thank you very much morris .
35	leela	are you alright ? has he hurt you ?
35	morris	no but my allergies are going nuts . oh god !
35	munda	every couch and table has animal fur all over it . he lets them climb on everything !
35	leela	alright zookeeper , what do you want ?
35	munda	save us leela ! i mean ... if you do n't have anything better to do .
35	leela	we 're out of options . we have to steal the gemerald !
35	fry	but , should superheroes commit crime ? even to save lives ? i need moral guidance . bender ?
35	bender	hmm , the thought of stealing anythig fills superking with disgust . but if it must be so , then let a museum heist be pulled !
35	fry	oh no ! our superpower cream is out of itself !
35	leela	check inside the cap ! there might be a caked in goldmine !
35	fry	el zilcho ! i 'm afraid we 're boned .
35	bender	el zilcho ... is it too late to change my superhero name ?
35	leela	just be cool . nobody knows we 're superpowerly challenged .
35	fry	man , this costume is so damn heavy !
35	kid	hey captain yesterday , can i like , wail on you with this 2x4 and it does n't hurt you ?
35	fry	owww ! that ... did n't hurt .
35	security guard	hi superheroes , everything ok ?
35	leela	big o , little k my friend ! just checking if everything 's alright !
35	security guard	it 's ok alright !
35	leela	ok then . grab it !
35	bubblegum tate	yo , the superheroes have turned evil ! most uncool !
35	security guard	get 'em !
35	leela	stay back ! or we 'll , beat the tour out of you ... using superpowers !
35	fry	so this is your lair ?
35	zookeeper	of course not . you think i 'd show you my lair ? my lair 's a million times nicer than this !
35	fry	ok , take it easy !
35	bender	well , here 's your lousy gemerald .
35	zookeeper	hawk ! fetch !
35	fry	that seemed unnecessary .
35	zookeeper	our transaction is complete . come solomon , to the lair .
35	leela	mom , dad , oh i 'm so sorry i got you kidnapped by a crazy madman who tried to feed you to pirhanas .
35	munda	we 're just happy to be involved in your life .
35	leela	no no , it 's my fault for telling you i was a superhero .
35	morris	that 's true .
35	leela	i just could n't stand to have you to think i was ashamed of you .
35	munda	that 's ok sweetie , but , it 's natural for children to be a little ashamed of their parents .
35	fry	oh yeah !
35	morris	just like it 's natural for parents to be a little disappointed in their children...n-not that we are .
35	munda	but you could call a little more often .
35	leela	ok .
35	munda	and would it kill you to use some mouthwash ?
35	bender	hey fry we 've still got our costumes on . wan na steal some more stuff ?
35	fry	i guess , as long as you think it 's right .
35	bender	superheroes away !
36	bender	you are one narrow minded spaceship planet express ship .
36	ship	whoa whoa ! why should my tax money pay for art i find offensive ?
36	bender	would you censor the venus de venus just because you can see her spewers ?
36	ship	oh its filthy ! why not create a national endowment for strip clubs while we 're at it ?
36	bender	why not indeed !
36	leela	bender ! ship ! stop bickering or i 'm going to come back there and change your opinions manually !
36	bender	fine ! i 'll be in my quarters appreciating controversial artworks .
36	ship	oops ! sorry !
36	bender	ah that ship is so white bread !
36	hermes	people ! it 's valentines day next week , so your beloved company has gotten you all new uniforms !
36	amy	cool !
36	zoidberg	clothing , delicious clothing !
36	farnsworth	we 'll need to look our best if we 're to get the account of our new potential customer romanticorp !
36	amy	romanticorp ? are they a corporation that makes romantic stuff ?
36	hermes	very good amy !
36	farnsworth	everyone suit up . we 're off to the most romantic city on earth !
36	farnsworth	remember , we 've got to show these people we 're not bitter husks of human beings who long ago abandoned hope of finding love in this lifetime . leela you 'll have to do some acting .
36	leela	check !
36	sheldon	welcome , aww i 'm just so excited ! i 'm sheldon and this is my chief financial officer gwen .
36	gwen	for 30 years we 've shared the adventure of managing romanticorp .
36	sheldon	not to mention the adventure of marriage !
36	leela	oh you have got to be kidding ! ow ! ow ! i mean , aww thats so sweet ! ow ! i mean , ( soppily ) aww dats show shweet !
36	farnsworth	you know , romance is an important part of our work too , uh right everyone ?
36	sheldon	do any of you collect lovey bears ?
36	amy	i do ! kif 's given me dozens ! is it true what the ad says ? that you kiss them together out of blanket cloth and magic buttons ?
36	gwen	no .
36	sheldon	it 's actually cheaper to genetically engineer real ones . they frolic in the lovey forest until their first birthday then we choose the cuddliest ugliest ones and stuff them full of fire retardant love fluff !
36	amy	oh cute !
36	gwen	knowing which pickup lines fizzle and which ones sizzle keeps us on the cutting edge of flirtation technology .
36	frame #1	is heaven missing an angel ? 'cause you 've got nice cans !
36	frame #2	my two favourite things are commitment and changing myself .
36	leela	does that dummy have a brother ?
36	sheldon	and now friends and lovers we come to the heart of our operation . pun definately intended !
36	hermes	impressive !
36	gwen	my family has been making these hearts since the 1900 's . tastes may have changed but our secret recipe sure has n't .
36	fry	whoa ! letters like " u " and " r " can mean words like " you " and " are . " here leela , u-r-2 cute !
36	leela	perhaps . what 's your point ?
36	fry	i 've never been able to put into words how i feel about you . but somewhere among these trillions of hearts , those words must already exist . and i 'm gon na find them .
36	farnsworth	so , do we have the contract ?
36	farnsworth	with that big new romanticorp contract , i 've been able to make those government mandated upgrades you 've all been suing me about .
36	leela	ooo look ! you taped up the cracks in the dark matter reactor !
36	fry	and you got a cage for the lion !
36	bender	hey who 's been messing with the radio ? this is n't alternative rock . it 's college rock !
36	farnsworth	oh it must have been the ship 's new improved personality software i installed .
36	ship	yeah it was me . it 's a cute song .
36	bender	listen ship ! no one changes my stations ! i hope you have a good mechanic !
36	farnsworth	it even comes with an adjustable voice .
36	ship	we each get one of the four buttons remember bender ? that was the deal .
36	bender	wha ? did you just say ... ?
36	ship	if you do n't like the stations you could just ... play with my buttons 'til you find something we both enjoy . oh gosh ! that came out all wrong !
36	bender	too late baby , you said it ! so what 'll it be ? my place ? or you ?
36	fry	before we deliver these hearts , i 'm gon na find the one that sums up my feelings for you ! " i love you . " hmm , too conventional . " you 're my man . " ooo so close !
36	leela	i 'm not impressed by a guy 's message fry . i 'm impressed by the guy . or not .
36	fry	whoa !
36	leela	what was that ?
36	fry	maybe we hit a space cow .
36	bender	coochie coochie !
36	ship	stop it ! you 're mussing up my trajectory !
36	bender	you know you love it sugar-engine !
36	ship	no !
36	leela	bender ! what 's going on in here ? planet express ship ! cover your shame !
36	ship	it 's not what it looks like . bender was just helping me ... zip up my turbine .
36	fry	wow bender . are you and the ship an item ? i mean i know you 're both items but ... how can you date a ship anyway ? it 'd be like me dating a really fat lady . and living inside her . and she 'd be all like ...
36	bender	fry , in order for me to get busy at maximum efficiency , i need a girl with a big 400 ton booty !
36	leela	bender , dating your co-worker and primary mode of transportation is immoral , illogical and a violation of interstellar shipping statute 437-b .
36	bender	that 's what makes it so nasty !
36	leela	still , given the chance , i 've given to urges far more shocking .
36	bender	daisy , daisy , give me your answer do . i 'm half crazy all for the love of you . it wo n't be a stylish marriage ...... i ca n't afford a carriage . but you 'll look sweet upon the seat of a bicycle built for two .
36	bender	well , i 'm sick of her .
36	fry	the ship ? but you just started dating .
36	bender	with my mighty robot powers i can get sick of things much quicker than you humans .
36	leela	well just remember we all still have to work together . so try and let her down easy .
36	bender	in due time leela . but for now i 'll just resume dating cheap floozies on the side .
36	fry	you have much to teach us .
36	leela	ugh . does n't it bother you even a little to be taking advantage of your girlfriend 's trust ?
36	bender	oh wait you 're serious . let me laugh even harder .
36	fembot #1	what 's it like being a lawyer for the mayor 's office ? and also the world 's strongest millionaire ?
36	bender	well baby , for starters you got ta be honest all the time !
36	elzar	good evening bender ! and to your lady friends may i say - bam !
36	fembot #2	you know elzar ?
36	fry	planet express ship ? is that you ?
36	ship	oh . hi fry . is bender home ?
36	fry	uh , um no . i think he 's at his parent 's .
36	ship	oh i see . he did n't fly there in another spaceship did he ?
36	fry	bender ? no ! he 's an old fashioned one spaceship robot . look i 'll tell him you stopped by ok ?
36	ship	ok .
36	ship	oh . hi fry . is he home now ?
36	ship	of all the zoos we 've been to today , i like this one the best . bender , which is your favourite nocturnal rat ?
36	bender	eh , they 're all pretty unimpressive .
36	ship	oh honey look ! the tapirs ! it says here that the babies lose their pyjama like coat after their first year . is n't that interesting honey ?
36	bender	yup . mind numbingly interesting . ooh !
36	ship	bender !! are you looking at other women ?
36	bender	no baby never !
36	ship	bender ! do n't lie ! i saw you at elzar 's with those two ladys of the evening . explain that !
36	bender	ok , i like a challenge . aah ! i got it ! i 'm going to be completely honest with you planet express ship . those women you saw me with ... were my accountants !
36	ship	your accountants ? oh i would dearly love to believe that were true . so i do .
36	bender	phew !
36	ship	i 'm going to go home and get dinner started .
36	liu	who are you talking to ?
36	bender	no one baby ! lucy liu is the only girl for bender !
36	liu	i love you -
36	leela	planet express ship is something wrong ?
36	ship	oh it 's bender . he 's acting so strange lately . do you think he 's going to ask me to marry him ?
36	leela	uh , no .
36	ship	oh-oh , someone knows something she 's not telling !
36	leela	uh look , i 'm not saying bender 's not great but have you ever considered that maybe he 's ... y' know ... not that great ?
36	ship	you 're just jealous ! no one loves you because you 're tiny and made of meat !
36	leela	could you maybe pay a little more attention to these asteroids ?
36	ship	sorry captain leela . i guess i 'm just having one of those ... manic mondays !
36	lrrr	this is ancient earth 's most foolish program . why does ross , the largest friend , not simply eat the other five ?
36	nd-nd	perhaps they are saving that for sweeps .
36	guard	exaulted leaders , the earth messengers have arrived bearing a peace offering from their weak and fearful government .
36	lrrr	oh very well . this is a joey heavy episode anyway .
36	lrrr	i am lrrr of the planet omicron persei
36	leela	esteemed potentates of omicron persei 8 , please accept these 20 billion candy hearts as proof that earth loves you . thiiis much !
36	lrrr	bleurgh ! these candies are choccy and unpleasant !
36	nd-nd	and what is this emotion you humans call " wuv " ?
36	lrrr	surely it says " love " ?
36	nd-nd	no , " wuv . " with an earth " w. " behold !
36	lrrr	this concept of wuv confuses and infuriates us !
36	fry	incoming torpedoes . shields at maximum yarnell .
36	leela	steady , planet express ship . focus on diverting all power to the scramjets .
36	bender	uh look , planet express ship , this might not be the best time ... but ... well ... i really like you and whatever but ... i think we should just be friends .
36	ship	nooo !
36	bender	so we 're cool ?
36	leela	well , it was a spectacular battle but there does n't seem to be any permanent damage .
36	ship	no damage ? what about my feelings ?
36	leela	aww , calm down . i 'm sure bender is taking this just as hard as you are .
36	bender	bender is great oh bender is great . bender bender bender !
36	fry	you could n't have picked a better time to dump the ship bender !
36	bender	eh , the moment seemed right . call me old fashioned but i like a dump to be as memorable as it is devastating .
36	leela	i know , i know . look ship , if there 's one thing i learnt from my mutual breakup with sean that was totally mutual its that happiness can only come from within you .
36	ship	but bender is within me ! there must be some way to make him love me again .
36	leela	trust me . you ca n't change men anymore than you can change the laws of time and space .
36	ship	that 's so true . i may not be able to change the laws of time and space , but i know something that can .
36	leela	uh sweetie ? you see that giant quasar we 're heading into ? you might wan na scooch a few parsecs to the left .
36	ship	i 'm afraid i ca n't do that leela .
36	fry	what 's happening ? space cow ?
36	leela	the ship 's just taking the breakup a little hard . ( whispering to fry ) she 's nuts !
36	ship	in a few moments the power of 10 million black holes will smush me and bender together into a beautiful enternal quantum singularity .
36	bender	uh you do n't need to kill us planet express ship ... because ... i love you ! uh yeah baby ! i feel like doing stuff .
36	ship	hmm . i do n't believe you . if you really wanted to be with me you 'd merge your program with mine .
36	bender	whoa whoa whoa ! slow down ! all of my friends that have done that said that afterwards all the passion went out of their relationship .
36	leela	look , i do n't know if you want my opinion
36	ship	leela . bender and i really need to be alone . so , i 'm turning off the oxygen .
36	leela	now look missy ! if you do n't trun around now i 'm going to have to shut down your brain !
36	ship	fire detected in the vicinity of leela .
36	fry	ha ! that barely hurt leela at all !
36	ship	maybe not . but what if the artificial gravity were to malfunction ?
36	bender	float for your lives !
36	leela	this is the one place she ca n't hear us . everyone just pretend to shower .
36	fry	same as everyday , got it .
36	leela	now here 's the plan .
36	ship	oh , if only i could read lips !
36	leela	comprendez bender ? you 'll have to distract her . merge your program with hers while i shut down her brain .
36	bender	it 's too risky . i 'm a very meek individual . if her personality engulfs mine , the bender you know and worship could disappear forever !
36	leela	i 'm willing to take that risk .
36	bender	hey pookums ! contrary to what i was saying earlier , melding minds with you would be extremely bearable .
36	ship	you really mean it ?
36	bender	uh ...... yes !
36	bender	huh ? tubes ? you 're older than you said you were !
36	ship	come closer bender . lets become one !
36	bender	i prefer two . that way we can still be a horse for hallowe'en .
36	leela	ok , bender has her distracted . now i can shut down her brain by deactivating the carbonated logic matrix . ugh . i ca n't concentrate with this obnoxious candy in my face .
36	fry	i 'm on it . and maybe i 'll find those magic words while i 'm at it .
36	leela	fat chance .
36	fry	eh . blech ! eurgh ! ooo how ' bout this one ?
36	leela	give it up fry ! i 've got to pop these tops in a precise order .
36	leela	halfway there . the ship should be getting a little less rational now .
36	ship	want ... to ... engulf ... bender !
36	leela	only a few more . hey ! i won free admission to six flags ! just one more reason we must survive this .
36	fry	um , leela ?
36	leela	fry ! i 'll read your candy later ! when we 're not dead ! what was that ?
36	fry	oh nothing .
36	ship	we 're gon na love being each other you sexy ion !
36	bender	nooo !
36	leela	last one ! it worked ! gravity normal , air returning , terror replaced by cautious optimism ! we did it fry ! fry ? you gave me your oxygen ? oh no ! breathe fry breathe ! you leave me breathless ! happy valentine 's day fry !
36	fry	happy valentine 's day .
36	fry	bender ! are you ok ?
36	bender	aw . what crazy thing am i going to date next ?
36	leela	well at least it sounds like you were able to keep your conciousness seperate from hers .
36	bender	of course ! bender is a lone wolf . a solitary eagle . a cuddly baby tapir ! and that 's why i love 'em !
36	fry	well i guess we 'd better clean up these millions of hearts .
36	leela	nah , i 've got a lazier idea .
37	leela	this place was a great choice . the food is amazing . and such generous portions .
37	doug	you like the meal just wait until you try these after dinner mints .
37	leela	you know , doug , most guys are put off by my eye . it 's nice to finally meet someone who 's open-minded . ew !
37	fry	what was wrong with your date last night ?
37	leela	i do n't know . something i couldnt quite put my finger on . possibly his vile lizard tongue .
37	amy	you 're too picky .
37	fry	yeah . if you rule out every guy with a lizard tongue or a low i.q. or an explosive violent temper , of course you 're gon na be lonely .
37	leela	there 's nothing wrong with having high standards . now can we please stop --
37	zoidberg	the female leela 's problem is purely medical . soon she will drop her eggs and they will hatch and all will be well .
37	amy	you just have to give guys a chance . sometimes you meet a guy and think he 's a pig . but then later you realise he actually has a really good body .
37	leela	thank you all for the inspiring advice , but i 'm perfectly happy with my life the way it is .
37	bender	that sounds like a cry for help .
37	amy	let 's all take her out tonight . there 's lots of great places to meet people .
37	hermes	the federal sex bureau .
37	bender	a saucy puppet show .
37	zoidberg	the rotting carcass of a whale .
37	amy	hmm , i 'll pick !
37	amy	oh , wow , it 's totally retro .
37	fry	why 's everyone wearing those rings ?
37	amy	guh ! because nobody wears them anymore ! rings are stupid !
37	fry	i think they look cool .
37	amy	shh ! do n't let anyone hear you say that !
37	man	hey , did that guy just say rings are cool ?
37	amy	nope , he said they 're stupid .
37	man	cool !
37	amy	so what do you think of that guy by the bar ?
37	leela	i do n't know . maybe ?
37	bender	forget it , he 's gay .
37	leela	what ?! how can you tell ?
37	bender	i just know these things . i 've got what they call gaydar .
37	leela	there 's no such thing .
37	bender	no ? ok , i got a lock on him . yep ! he 's gay !
37	amy	are you sure ?
37	bender	definitely . unless i 'm getting interference from a gay weather balloon .
37	woman	you 're from the 20th century ? that 's incredible ! i 'm from the 21st century .
37	fry	no way ! we 've got so much in common .
37	woman	we sure do . remember when those cyborgs enslaved humanity ?
37	fry	uh , yeah ! that rings a bell .
37	amy	this is bolt rolands . bolt is a hyper-sled racer with 10 wins on the pro circuit .
37	bolt	hello , beautiful !
37	bender	( whispering ) i think she means 10 wins on the gay circuit .
37	bolt	i wish ! those cats can really fly .
37	amy	this is m-5438 , an entity of pure energy .
37	leela	that 's great - really - but he 's just not what i 'm looking for .
37	m-5438	i understand . one day you will evolve beyond your physical body , and on that day i hope you will pick up the phone .
37	amy	you 're impossible .
37	bender	just as well ; i think he comes from a dimension that 's big on musical theatre .
37	fry	psst , i need the apartment tonight . go see a saucy puppet show .
37	bender	can do !
37	janitor	my , my , my ! what 's a beautiful lady like you -- oh , my ! eurgh ! i 'm sorry , i thought you had two eyes .
37	bender	so , leela , you must have had your pick of the litter last night at closing time .
37	leela	could you guys please stop talking about my personal life ?
37	farnsworth	yes , let 's all talk about leela 's personal life later . but right now we have business to attend to .
37	fry	a delivery ?
37	farnsworth	no . a tax-deductible mission of charity .
37	computer voice	this is vergon 6 .
37	farnsworth	this is vergon 6 .
37	amy	buh !
37	farnsworth	it 's a sunny little doomed planet , inhabited by a number of frisky little doomed animals .
37	leela	animals ?
37	farnsworth	that 's right . animals in desperate need of rescue . you see , vergon 6 was once filled with a super dense substance known as dark matter , each pound of which weighs over ten thousand pounds .
37	leela	wait ! what about the animals ?
37	farnsworth	well , dark matter is extremely valuable as starship fuel . that 's why it was all mined out , leaving the planet completely hollow .
37	leela	yes , but what about the animals ?
37	farnsworth	the wha ?
37	leela	the animals .
37	farnsworth	i did n't say anything about animals . now it seems that the planet will collapse within three days . incidentally , this will kill all the animals .
37	leela	so we have to bring back two of each kind . just like noah 's ark. .
37	bender	why two ? oh !
37	fry	i bet you leela 's holding out for a nice guy with one eye .
37	bender	that 'll take forever . what she oughta do is find a nice guy with two eyes , then poke one out .
37	fry	yeah , that 'd be a timesaver .
37	leela	do you mind ?
37	bender	here you go . you can use this as an eye-poker .
37	leela	thank you . but i do n't care how many eyes a man has - as long as it 's less than five . all i 'm looking for is a guy who 's adventurous , self-confident ...
37	leela	... maybe a snappy dresser .
37	zapp	these new uniforms are pretty snappy , eh , first officer ?
37	kif	i suppose , captain . i 'm as big a fan of velour as you are . now what do you want to do about that unidentified ship ?
37	zapp	destroy them ! mmm ! that 's got a nice feel to it .
37	zapp	captain 's journal ; star date 3000.3 .
37	kif	who are you talking to , sir ?
37	zapp	you ! are n't you getting this ? we have detected a vessel attempting to break the security cordon around vergon 6 . i 'm anticipating an all-out tactical dogfight , followed by a light dinner ... ravioli , ham , sundae bar .
37	leela	hey , look ! that 's zapp brannigan 's ship .
37	fry	wow ! the zapp brannigan ?
37	leela	uh-huh !
37	fry	who 's the zapp brannigan ?
37	kif	shall i fire on them now , sir ?
37	zapp	not yet , kif . in the game of chess , you can never let your adversary see your pieces . what ?
37	leela	they say zapp brannigan single-handedly saved the octillian system from a horde of rampaging killbots .
37	fry	wow !
37	bender	a grim day for robot-kind . ah , but we can always build more killbots !
37	leela	he 's the most decorated captain in the whole democratic order of planets .
37	fry	( teasing ) leela 's got a boyfriend !
37	leela	no i do n't . but i think we ought to meet with him and see if he 'll help us rescue those animals .
37	bender	well just in case you guys hit it off you 'll wan na take this with you .
37	kif	sir , they 're headed straight for us .
37	zapp	a well-calculated move straight out of sun tzu 's classic text the art of war , or my own masterwork : zapp brannigan 's big book of war . but the one thing their captain does n't realise and never will is that --
37	kif	sir , they 've docked with us and have come aboard .
37	zapp	then i have risked all and lost . kif , old man , i 'll be in the escape pod . if that wicker chair i like survives the slaughter , have it sent to my p.o. box .
37	leela	hello , i 'm leela , captain of the planet express delivery ship . we 've come aboard to plead for your assistance .
37	kif	well , if there 's anything --
37	zapp	i 'm in command here . zapp brannigan . has my fame preceded me or was i too quick for you ?
37	leela	oh , not at all . i 'm just so uh ... really thrilled to meet you !
37	zapp	you 're an impressive piece of captain . beautiful and deadly - a potent combination .
37	leela	( flattered ) you do n't mean that !
37	zapp	but i do . i doubt i 've seen more than three or four captains sexier than you , and only one who was deadlier .
37	fry	i heard that one time you single-handedly defeated a horde of rampaging somethings in the something something system .
37	zapp	the killbots ? a trifle ! it was simply a matter of outsmarting them .
37	fry	wow ! i never would have thought of that !
37	zapp	you see , killbots have a preset kill limit . knowing their weakness , i sent wave after wave of my own men at them , until they reached their limit and shutdown . kif , show them the medal i won .
37	zapp	more , please . a little more ... more ... keep going .
37	leela	captain brannigan , we really need to talk to you about our mission .
37	zapp	whatever it is , i 'm willing to put wave after wave of men at your disposal . right men ?
37	crewman	( shouting ) you suck !
37	leela	we 're hoping to save the animals of vergon 6 from extinction . and if you could just --
37	zapp	vergon 6 ?! this light dinner is over .
37	leela	wait ! what 's wrong ?
37	zapp	the democratic order of planets prohibits interfering with undeveloped worlds . it 's a little rule known as " brannigan 's law " .
37	leela	but people already interfered . that planet was mined completely hollow .
37	zapp	yes , by a democratic order of planets mining crew .
37	leela	this does n't make any sense .
37	zapp	i do n't pretend to understand brannigan 's law . i merely enforce it .
37	leela	fine ! we 'll save the animals without your help .
37	zapp	i 'm afraid i ca n't allow that . guards !
37	fry	what just happened ?
37	bender	he 's throwing us in prison .
37	fry	dang ! can i get this wrapped up ?
37	leela	ow ! i might 've liked zapp brannigan if he were n't a pompous dimwit who threw me in prison .
37	bender	you really are too picky .
37	zapp	kif , follow me up to the observation deck . i 've got some musing to do .
37	kif	oh , jeez !
37	zapp	i 'm facing a formidable female adversary , kif . suggestions ?
37	kif	i fail to see any problem sir . you already imprisoned her under directive b10 .81 .
37	zapp	you mean brannigan 's law ?
37	kif	right , that law .
37	zapp	which one ?
37	kif	brannigan 's law .
37	zapp	kif , you 're my best and most loyal friend but you 've earned my contempt once again . as my prodg you should know that the only way to deal with a female adversary is to seduce her . this time we are sure she 's a woman , right ?
37	kif	yes .
37	zapp	good ! invite her to my quarters . oh , and have the boy lay out my formal shorts .
37	kif	the boy , sir ?
37	zapp	you . you lay out my formal shorts .
37	kif	the jackass wants to see you in his quarters .
37	leela	good . this will be my chance to reason with him , captain to captain .
37	kif	and he wants you to wear this .
37	zapp	come and get it !
37	zapp	welcome to my humble chamber . or as i call it , " the love-nasium " . shampagin ?
37	leela	i did n't realise you were such a coin-a-sewer .
37	zapp	well i have studied abroad . or two !
37	leela	captain ...
37	zapp	uh-huh ?
37	leela	... if we could speak seriously for a moment ...
37	zapp	uh-huh ?
37	leela	... i 'd like you to reconsider letting us rescue those animals .
37	zapp	mm-hm . i like your style . i find it very ... ( whispering ) ... erotic .
37	leela	what ?
37	zapp	( shouting ) erotic !
37	fry	we can definitely escape , bender . all you have to do is bend the hatch off this steam pipe .
37	bender	hey , yeah !
37	fry	no good ! it 's full of steam !
37	zapp	you look like a woman who enjoys the finer things . come over here and feel my velour bedspread .
37	leela	i 'm not really in the mood .
37	zapp	leela , it 's real velour . just let yourself go .
37	leela	can i please just go back to prison ?
37	zapp	you 'd rather sit in prison than spend one evening with the zapper ?
37	leela	much rather ! what are you doing ?
37	zapp	( crying ) oh , god , i 'm pathetic . sorry . just go . you want the rest of the shampagin ?
37	leela	no , and it 's pronounced " sham-pane " .
37	zapp	( crying ) oh , god , no !
37	leela	its not a big deal .
37	zapp	( crying ) i get so lonely . i just thought you - a fellow captain - would understand .
37	leela	oh , forget it .
37	zapp	( crying ) yeah , it 's great ordering people around and stuff but through it all you 're completely alone .
37	leela	it comes with the job .
37	zapp	( crying ) i 'm just so lonely !
37	leela	oh , come on , cheer up , it 's not that bad .
37	fry	you wan na try escaping again ?
37	bender	nah , i 'm comfy .
37	fry	man , leela 's been gone a long time . i hope she 's at least making progress with zapp brannigan .
37	zapp	good morning , lover .
37	leela	uh , listen , zapp .
37	zapp	now you 're officially my woman . kudos ! i ca n't say i do n't envy you .
37	leela	zapp , last night was a mistake .
37	zapp	a sexy mistake .
37	leela	no , just a regular mistake . for a split second my common sense was overwhelmed by pity .
37	zapp	a split second is all it takes . that 's why sooner or later you 'll come crawling back to the zapper .
37	leela	the only kind of crawling i 'm doing to you is away - from !
37	zapp	leela , you 're obviously confused and aroused .
37	leela	look , i 'm going down to vergon 6 to save those animals whether you like it or not .
37	zapp	go ahead . i wo n't stop you .
37	leela	threaten all you -- wait , what ?
37	zapp	we both know you wo n't make it halfway to vergon 6 before the craving sets in . then you 'll come crawling back for another taste of sweet , sweet candy ... bam !
37	leela	eurgh !
37	zapp	kif !
37	kif	yes -- yes , captain ?
37	zapp	i have made it with a woman . inform the men .
37	kif	the fatso says you 're free to go .
37	fry	really ? why ?
37	kif	( quietly ) " why " indeed .
37	fry	what does that mean ?
37	leela	( defensively ) nothing .
37	bender	so should we get our stuff and head down to the planet ?
37	leela	( defensively ) we just talked , ok ?!
37	leela	alright . we do n't have much time to collect these animals . the planet is supposed to collapse in approximately two hours ago .
37	leela	hello there . hmm , he does n't seem to be on the checklist .
37	bender	so you 're saying we can cook him ?
37	fry	yeah , a barbecue ! i 'll wear my hilarious apron .
37	leela	no ! i do n't care how hilarious your apron is , we 're not cooking him . aww , i 'll call him nibbler .
37	bender	aww ! ( whispering to fry ) i 'll fire up the grill !
37	leela	i hope he 'll be ok in there with all those big animals .
37	zapp	y' know , kif , once my woman returns i wo n't have much time to hang out with the boys anymore .
37	kif	that 's a shame , sir .
37	zapp	so let 's make the most of our time together , shall we ? never mind . just give me a back rub .
37	bender	i found a pair of hermaphlamingoes .
37	leela	good . that 's the last species .
37	bender	hey . what the ?
37	fry	where 'd they all go ?
37	leela	nibbler !
37	fry	i ca n't believe we flew halfway across the galaxy and enjoyed a steam just to get lunch for that stupid animal !
37	bender	he 's pending for a bending .
37	leela	leave him alone . it 's not his fault that he 's an unstoppable killing machine . is it , snoogums ?
37	fry	the planet 's kerploding !
37	leela	prepare for lift-off . we 're out of fuel . bender , i told you to fill the tank before we left .
37	bender	yeah , i 'll do it when we get back .
37	fry	man , lucky for us zapp brannigan 's nearby .
37	leela	no way , forget it ! i refuse to go crawling back to him !
37	fry	what ? what are you talking about ?
37	leela	( defensively ) nothing . we just talked .
37	bender	so what 's your problem ? it 's not like you slept with him . oh , my god !
37	fry	how could you , leela ? i thought you had some standards . i mean , jeez , he 's a dumb , gross gorilla !
37	leela	that 's enough . do n't you think i feel bad enough already ?
37	fry	no !
37	leela	alright , alright i 'll call him . i mean if living is that important to you .
37	zapp	and that 's why you 'll never make captain , kif . hmmm .
37	leela	hello , zapp ?
37	zapp	well , well , well !
37	leela	zapp , we 're out of fuel ...
37	leela	... and vergon 6 is about to implode . we need your help .
37	zapp	so , crawling back to the big z like a bird on its belly . delicious .
37	leela	bird 's do n't crawl .
37	zapp	they 've been known to .
37	leela	look , are you going to rescue us or not ?
37	zapp	ca n't you ask a little more ... sexfully ?
37	leela	( sexfully ) please ...
37	leela	... big z ?
37	zapp	certainly . but first you 'll have to get rid of that thing . that 's the law , leela . and brannigan 's law is like brannigan 's love : hard and fast ! ...
37	zapp	... now put that greasy rat outside and we 'll tow you to safety .
37	leela	i would never abandon a helpless animal . y' know , zapp , once i thought you were a big pompous buffoon . then i realised that inside you were just a pitiful child . but now i realise that outside that child is a big pompous buffoon !
37	zapp	and which one rocked your world ?
37	fry	wow , way to tell that guy off . now what 's your secret escape plan ?
37	leela	uh , i guess to sit here and wait for death .
37	bender	can do !
37	bender	what the hell was that ?
37	fry	pew !
37	leela	i do n't believe it ! it 's dark matter .
37	bender	so this guy just unloaded a steaming pile of starship fuel ?
37	leela	his species must 've filled the entire planet with it . did you do that , you cute little -- come on . that should be more than enough fuel to get us outta here . bender , pick it up and put it in the engine .
37	leela	we made it ! and some of the animals survived .
37	bender	so a couple of animals did n't die and leela got lucky . that 's what i call a successful mission !
37	fry	we 're heroes !
37	leela	( thinking ) dear captain 's diary . i may not have found love on this mission but i did find a cute little companion who excretes starship fuel . and that 's just as good .
37	zapp	captain 's journal ; star date ... uh ...
37	kif	april 13th .
37	zapp	april 13th ... point two .
37	zapp	we have failed to uphold brannigan 's law . however , i did make it with a hot alien babe . and in the end is that not what man has dreamt of since first he looked up at the stars ? kif , i 'm asking you a question !
38	doctor	push mrs fry , push !
38	mr fry	you can do it honey ! squeeze one out for america !
38	mrs fry	( shouting ) hey keep it down it 's the 9th inning !
38	mrs fry	swing the bat you bum !
38	doctor	it 's a boy . and look at that red hair .
38	mr fry	you sayin ' my son 's a commie ?
38	mrs fry	this is the happiest day of my life !
38	doctor	here 's your baby ma'am .
38	mrs fry	yeah ok thanks .
38	mr fry	so , what should we name him ?
38	mrs fry	uh , you pick . i picked dinner last night .
38	mr fry	well , i was thinking philip . after those screwdrivers ?
38	mrs fry	that 's a fantastic idea . more morphine please .
38	mr fry	look yancy , its your baby brother philip .
38	yancy	i wan na be named philip ! me philip ! me philip !
38	mr fry	son your name is yancy , just like me and my grandfather and so on . all the way back to minuteman yancy fry , who blasted commies in the american revolution . philip , until i find a suitable model of an icbm you 'll have to make do learnin ' to fear this toy spacecraft .
38	yancy	mine ! mine !
38	fry	( shouting ) c'mon !
38	hermes	( shouting ) baby needs a new pair of shoes !
38	zoidberg	to hell with your spoiled baby , i need those shoes !
38	farnsworth	no fair ! you changed the outcome by measuring it .
38	leela	how 'd you do fry ?
38	fry	i 'll tell you when my horse finishes ... bad .
38	mr wong	in today 's field we own four horses and two jockeys .
38	mrs wong	we just put our best jockey out to stud amy , he 's perfect for you !
38	jockey	hey baby , ever do it in a suitcase ?
38	bender	ooo look ! it 's the centaur race !
38	fry	come on , come on ! hey leela , how ' bout a kiss for good luck ? i meant tongue luck .
38	fry	i am so unlucky ! i 've run over black cats that were luckier than me .
38	man	get your piping hot horse burgers , horse fries , horse cake and shakes . we got tongue straight from the horse 's mouth .
38	leela	hmm .
38	hermes	it all sounds good .
38	man	all our horses are 100 % horse fed for that double juiced in horse goodness .
38	leela	i 'll have a cholesterol free omelette with horse beaters .
38	man	and you sir , how can i horse you ?
38	hermes	i 'll have a horse coke .
38	man	horse pepsi ok ?
38	hermes	neigh .
38	jockey	hey what are you doing ?
38	bender	this .
38	fry	dear horse god , i know i do n't usually pray to you , sometimes i doubt you even exist . but if you 're willing to grant me luck , please , stamp your hoof once . come on number six move it ! do n't do that ! what are you - man it 's contagious !
38	bender	that 'll teach those other horses to take drugs !
38	fry	that 's it ! you can only take my money for so long before you take it all , and i say enough . i 've got one dollar left , and this one i 'm holding onto ! oh no you do n't ! i may not know much about horses but i know a lot about doing anything for one dollar ! if you think bad luck can defeat me then you do n't know my name is philip j -
38	man	that is one unlucky guy !
38	fry	kareem 's got the skyhook but philip j. fry 's got the spacehook !
38	yancy	yancy drives , he goes up with his patented spacehook !
38	fry	hey . that 's my patented spacehook ! you stole it !
38	yancy	you 're not the president of it !
38	fry	holy camolie ! a seven leaf clover !
38	yancy	( shouting ) i 'm dying of old age !
38	fry	phil wins ! yancy 's fans are stunned ! there 'll be no celebration at the yancy dome !
38	yancy	lucky .
38	leela	well someone 's in a good mode .
38	bender	let 's just say i lucked out at the track ! also i rigged one race .
38	fry	pah . i 'd have won a lot of money too if i still had my lucky seven leaf clover . plus i 'd still have my hair .
38	hairbot	i got your page mr fry , your new hair is ready !
38	amy	so whatever happened to this seven leaf clover ?
38	fry	i hid it in a secret hiding place who 's location i never told anyone . not even scruffy .
38	zoidberg	so the clover is still in the hiding place maybe ?
38	fry	hey yeah ! maybe it is still there ! underground in the ruins of old new york . helping some ant defeat another ant or helping some piece of dirt turn it 's luck around .
38	farnsworth	dirt does n't need luck .
38	fry	i 'm going down there to get my clover back . now some of the tunnels have metal bars so i 'll need someone who 's good at bending . leela how ' bout you ?
38	leela	sure i 'll do it .
38	bender	like hell you will . bending 's my middle name .
38	fry	it is ?
38	bender	yep . my full name is bender bending rodriguez
38	fry	here 's the entrance . from this moment on i declare my bad luck officially over .
38	bender	he was fun .
38	leela	well if we get bored i 've got tetris on this thing .
38	fry	look , up ahead .
38	bender	old new york . the city that inspired a casino in las vegas .
38	fry	wow ! we 've got manhattan all to ourselves ! i can finally do all the crazy stuff i always dreamed of doing ! howard stern s overrated ! uh , oops !
38	bender	new york is so burned .
38	fry	and remember when mayor giuliani cracked down on jaywalking ?
38	leela	no .
38	fry	well rudy , how 'd you like this action ?
38	guy #1	as you know the big breakdance is saturday . so if we wan na win those jam master j autographed parachute pants our crew has to pop , lock and bust the freshest . noticwably f.a.t. , drop us a beat . name ?
38	fry	cosmic f.
38	guy #1	style ?
38	fry	outer space .
38	guy #1	special moves ?
38	fry	the moonwalk ... the robot ... the zero
38	guy #1	name ?
38	yancy	cosmic y.
38	guy #1	style ?
38	yancy	uh , deep space !
38	fry	deep space ??
38	guy #1	special moves ?
38	yancy	the spacewalk ...
38	fry	hey !
38	yancy	... the robot ...
38	fry	the robot ? that 's similar to mine !
38	yancy	the zero g !
38	fry	what are you doing ? you totally ripped off my routine .
38	yancy	you callin ' me a biter ?
38	fry	why do you always have to steal everything from me yancy ? find your own life and live it .
38	yancy	stop illin ' ! word !
38	fry	well i 'd like to see you try and steal this . the septuple head spin .
38	yancy	he 's just scratching . no one 's ever done more than a quadruple .
38	fry	oh yeah ? noticeably f.a.t. , rewind the tape .
38	guy #1	crazy sucker !
38	guy #2	phil , you 're hot !
38	noticeably f.a.t.	that was ice cold bro !
38	guy #1	fry if i ever see you try anything that crazy again , this crew might just have some new parachute pants !
38	yancy	stop hogging the clover .
38	fry	alright team , let 's go find that clover !
38	leela	which way to your house ? the sign says we 're at 71st street .
38	fry	71st street ? hmm , never heard of it . downtown could be in any direction .
38	bender	no sweat , we 'll just take a spin on the b-train !
38	bender	ooo that feels funny ! this is the brooklyn bound b-train making local stops at wherever the hell i feel like . watch for the closing doors .
38	bender	wake up buddy end of the line !
38	fry	gosh my old neighbourhood ! that 's the bench where i found some shirts ! that fire hydrant ! in summer we 'd light it on fire ! on that corner , some guy with a bushy beard handed out a socialist newsletter !
38	bender	was it poorly xeroxed ?
38	fry	you 'd better believe it !
38	leela	the old comedians were right , this place is a lot different from la !
38	mutant	pardon me but did i overhear you saying you used to live here ?
38	fry	that 's right .
38	mutant	did you know andy goldman ?
38	fry	yeah , he was my neighbour . why ?
38	mutant	i mutated from him !
38	fry	get out of here ! what 's andy up to these days ?
38	andy	the short answer is i 'm teaching .
38	leela	he seemed nice .
38	fry	sure when he 's sober !
38	fry	holy camolies ! the house i grew up in ! it 's still there !
38	bender	man , father time really took a bat to this place .
38	yancy	that stupid clover is a worthless piece of garbage ! give it give it give it !
38	fry	mom ! help !
38	mrs fry	yes !
38	fry	mom , yancy 's trying to steal my clover .
38	mrs fry	( uninterested ) yancy , stealing is wrong .
38	yancy	i 'm gon na pile drive you ! you 're dead meat !
38	mr fry	what 's happenin ' up there ? did kremlin joe let fly with the nukes ?
38	fry	not yet commander . yancy 's just trying to steal my stuff as usual .
38	mr fry	well he 'd better keep his hands off these bananas . gon na need them when the radiation turns us all into monkeys .
38	fry	the ronco record vault ! yancy 'll never get his hands on you in here or my money back . ah the breakfast club soundtrack ! man i ca n't wait til i 'm old enough to feel ways about stuff ! stay safe clover . i may need you again someday .
38	fry	this was the storage room . my dad spent years turning it into a bomb shelter .
38	leela	and yet you guys never had a single nuclear war .
38	bender	what a waste .
38	fry	this is it ! my ronco record vault ! i still remember the combination . three . it 's stuck .
38	bender	the achilles heel of the ronco design is it 's structural resonance frequency . allow me . there we go !
38	fry	here it is . the breakfast club soundtrack .
38	bender	you mean breakfast club sandwich ?
38	fry	i hid my seven leaf clover in this very record jacket so my brother yancy would n't get it . here goes . it 's gone ! the whole place has been cleaned out ! yancy stole my clover ! that thief !
38	leela	how do you know it did n't disintergrate ?
38	fry	everything else in here held up ok .
38	bender	except sports by huey lewis .
38	fry	i do n't know why my brother hated me so much .
38	leela	aw , brothers always fight . i 'm sure deep down he loved you . he just never got a chance to say it before you got frozen .
38	fry	you think ? 'cause i always kinda wished that -
38	bender	who is that god-like figure ?
38	fry	it 's my brother yancy ! and there in his lapel - my seven leaf clover ! i knew he stole it .
38	leela	hold the phone . if that 's yancy then why does the inscription read philip j. fry ?
38	fry	wait a second ! that 's my name ! good lord . he ditched his goofy name and stole mine !
38	bender	apparently this brave adonis , this cadillac of men , was the first person on mars .
38	fry	first person on mars ?? i should have been the first person on mars ! he stole my clover , he stole my name and he stole my life ! and now he broke my hand .
38	bender	his legend lives on .
38	farnsworth	so you opened the record vault and the clover was gone ?
38	bender	yep , nothing in there but all the best music of the 1980 's in one amazing collection .
38	leela	survivor , pat benetar , the scorpions . the list goes on .
38	fry	that clover helped my ratfink brother steal my dream of going into space . now i 'll never get there .
38	leela	you went there this morning for doughnuts .
38	hermes	first person on mars ? oh so your brother was that philip j. fry !
38	fry	i 'm philip j. fry ! he stole my name after i got frozen .
38	farnsworth	shut up friends . my internet browser heard us saying the word " fry " and it found a movie about philip j. fry for us . it alwso opened my calendar to friday and ordered me some french fries .
38	fry	that should have been me !
38	fry	that 's my clover ! yancy stole it !
38	fry	that 's what i 'm known for !
38	man	phil came in right , sturmmed out this tune yeah . and i said " that 's a number one record ! "
38	fry	so that 's where my clover is ? hey , is that orbitting cemetary near here ?
38	leela	it will be in a couple hours .
38	fry	good . leela , bender , we 're going graverobbing .
38	bender	i 'll get my kit .
38	yancy	thanks for lending me your tux dad . it 'll be perfect for my wedding .
38	mr fry	yancy , that tux got me through nam in style ! i just wish your brother were still around to see this .
38	mrs fry	i 'll never forget the day philip disappeared . wisconsin won the rose bowl 17-9 . oh i miss him .
38	yancy	oh that reminds me . i was thinking of rummaging through phil 's records for something to play at the wedding .
38	mrs fry	have a look downstairs . your brother may be missing but his crap sure is n't .
38	yancy	hmm breakfast club , this 'll clear out the room at the end of the reception .
38	leela	they buried your brother in the world heroes section ? i 'm impressed .
38	fry	i should be the one in that grave !
38	fry	hmm . we lost bender .
38	bender	there . now no one will be able to say i do n't own john larroquette 's spine !
38	fry	aha ! my brother 's grave !
38	leela	( reading ) philip fry , the original martian .
38	fry	it 's all lies every word of it ! he was n't original , he was n't a martian , he was n't philip fry and since when is he a the ?
38	bender	you 're twice the the he ever was .
38	fry	it 's clovering time !
38	yancy's wife	so , had any ideas for names yancy ?
38	yancy	uh , i 'm sorta thinking one . daddy has a present for you today . do you know what it is ? it 's a lucky clover that can help you be successful at anything you do - even breakdancing - and it once belonged to someone very special .
38	yancy's wife	i know what name you wan na give him yancy . it 's ok .
38	yancy	really ? son , i 'm naming you philip j. fry in honour of my little brother , who i miss every day . i love you philip , and i always will .
38	fry	( reading ) here lies philip j. fry , named for his uncle , to carry on his spirit .
38	bender	pay dirt ! i got the clover ! plus his wedding ring . sorry ladies , i 'm taken ! hey fry you want me to smack the corpse up a little ?
38	leela	uh , bender , i think fry needs a moment alone .
38	bender	alright grab a shovel . i 'm only one skull short of a mouseketeer reunion .
39	farnsworth	good news , everyone . we 've got a very special delivery today .
39	fry	who 's it going to ?
39	farnsworth	me .
39	bender	another job well done .
39	farnsworth	no , i need it shipped to my office at mars university . it 's a little experiment that may well win me the nobel prize .
39	leela	in what field ?
39	farnsworth	i do n't care , they all pay the same .
39	fry	is it dangerous ?
39	farnsworth	oh , my , no . off we go !
39	fry	very impressive . back in the 20th century we had no idea there was a university on mars .
39	farnsworth	well , in those days mars was just a dreary , uninhabitable wasteland , uh , much like utah . but unlike utah , it was eventually made livable , when the university was founded in 2636 .
39	leela	they planted traditional college foliage : ivy , trees , hemp . soon the whole planet was terraformed .
39	fry	does that mean it 's safe to breathe the air ?
39	farnsworth	of course .
39	farnsworth	over here is wong library . it has the largest collection of literature in the western universe .
39	bender	hey look . there 's a chapter of my old robot fraternity ; epsilon rho rho .
39	leela	you went to college ?
39	bender	of course , i 'm a bender . i went to bending college . i majored in bending .
39	fry	what was your minor ?
39	bender	robo-american studies .
39	fratbot #1	are you here to fumigate the moose head ?
39	bender	uh , no , actually i 'm an epsilon from way back .
39	fratbot #1	eh , close enough . c'mon in .
39	bender	thanks . here 's your finger back .
39	bender	all the coolest robots are in this fraternity .
39	fratbot #2	mate in 143 moves .
39	fratbot #3	oh , poo , you win again !
39	bender	uh-oh , nerds !
39	fratbot #1	allow me to introduce myself . i 'm gearshift , chapter president . this is oily , and this here is fatbot .
39	bender	you 're all losers . my name 's bender .
39	oily	bender from bending state bender ? wow , you 're a legend around here !
39	fatbot	i heard that in one single night you drank a whole keg , streaked across campus and crammed 58 humans into a phone booth .
39	bender	( modest ) yeah , well , a lot of 'em were children . anyway i should get going .
39	gearshift	no , bender , wait . we 're the lamest frat on campus . even hillel has better parties than us . please , you 've got ta stay and teach us how to be cool .
39	bender	hmm , ok . but i 'll need 10 kegs of beer , a continuous tape of louie louie and a regulation two-storey panty-raid ladder .
39	fatbot	oh , boy ! oh , boy ! oh , boy !
39	fry	i tell you , being here really takes me back to my college days .
39	man #1	step right up , who wants to learn physics ?
39	man #2	keep your hands inside the car at all times .
39	fry	good old coney island college ! go whitefish !
39	leela	do n't take this the wrong way , fry , but you do n't seem like the educated type .
39	fry	oh , yeah ? read it and weep . i 'm a certified college dropout .
39	leela	please ! everyone knows 20th century colleges were basically expensive daycare centres .
39	farnsworth	that 's true . by current academic standards , you 're merely a high school dropout .
39	fry	what ?! that 's not fair . i deserve the same respect any other college dropout gets . by god , i 'm gon na enroll here at mars university and drop out all over again !
39	leela	you wo n't last two weeks .
39	fry	aww , thanks for believing in me .
39	amy	yo , classmate . what you takin ' ?
39	fry	oh , i do n't know . hey , professor , what are you teaching this semester ?
39	farnsworth	same thing i teach every semester : the mathematics of quantum neutrino fields . i made up the title so that no student would dare take it .
39	fry	mathematics of wanton burrito meals . i 'll be there !
39	farnsworth	please , fry , i do n't know how to teach ; i 'm a professor !
39	fry	see you in class !
39	farnsworth	oh !
39	fatbot	this is gon na be great !
39	bender	bingo !
39	fatbot	oh , mama !
39	bender	oh , yeah ! someone 's been a bad computer ! get a load of that !
39	meiderneyer	i say , you 've damaged our servants ' quarters ... and our servants .
39	chet	this time robot house has gone too far .
39	bender	cheese it !
39	fatbot	( screaming ) they 're gon na catch us !
39	fry	hey , pretty nice for a single . two desks , two chairs , a couple of beds . a woodpecker .
39	leela	i think that 's probably your roommate .
39	fry	oh , right , cool . ( shouting ) c'mon in , roomie ! ( talking ) what the -- ?
39	monkey	i call top bunk ! ahh !
39	fry	my roommate 's a monkey ?
39	monkey	( sarcastic ) brilliant deduction , you 're a credit to your species .
39	farnsworth	ah , fry , i see you 've met guenter !
39	fry	you know each other ?
39	farnsworth	guenter is my experiment . he was the top secret contents of this stinking crate .
39	guenter	i 'd rather live in a crate than share a room with this dork .
39	leela	so what makes guenter talk ?
39	fry	is he genetically engineered ?
39	farnsworth	oh , please ! that 's preposterous science-fiction mumbo-jumbo . guenter 's intelligence actually lies in his electronium hat which harnesses the power of sunspots to produce cognitive radiation .
39	guenter	you 're wasting your breath , professor . he 'll never understand a word of it .
39	fry	i understood the word " hat " !
39	farnsworth	please , stop bickering . i arranged that you be roommates for a reason : so i 'd only have to remember one phone number . now shake hands and make up .
39	fry	you want a banana ?
39	guenter	i do n't eat bananas . i prefer banana-flavoured energy bars made from tofu .
39	fry	i do n't like you .
39	fry	this is gon na be a cakewalk !
39	teacher	welcome to the history of the 20th century . look to your left , then to your right . then in nine other directions . one of the 12 of you will not pass this class .
39	amy	boring . let 's hear about walter mondale already !
39	teacher	be forewarned : the only sure way to get an a in this class is to have lived in the 20th century .
39	fry	swish !
39	teacher	you were saying , mr. fry ?
39	fry	i 'm from the 20th century . go ahead , ask me anything .
39	teacher	very well . what device invented in the 20th century allowed people to view broadcast programmes in their own homes ?
39	fry	ooh ... i know this ... whatyya call it ? lite brite !
39	guenter	i believe the answer is the television .
39	teacher	very good mr ... ... guenter .
39	amy	( impressed ) wow ! smart and cute !
39	vernon	what i love about being dean of students is the peace and quiet and the respect i receive . now what 's all this about ?
39	woman	dean vernon , the students from robot house are here .
39	vernon	robot house !
39	bender	hey , dean , nice looking model .
39	vernon	you keep away from it . you robots are a disgrace to this university . whenever a fire alarm is pulled , it 's robot house . whenever the campus liquor store is looted , robot house . whenever a human corpse is desecrated --
39	bender	now , i can explain that .
39	vernon	that 's enough out of you . from this day forth , robot house is on dodecatupple-secret probation !
39	bender	no fair !
39	fatbot	my mom is gon na kill me !
39	vernon	now if you 'll excuse me , i have to get back to the one thing that 's kept me sane these past eight years : my model ship .
39	gearshift	fatbot ! no !
39	fatbot	when i get nervous i get hungry .
39	bender	cheese it !
39	vernon	( shouting ; from inside ) robot house !
39	fry	so , chrissy , we seem to be hitting it off . if you 're not doing anything later might i escort you to a kegger ?
39	chrissy	not even if you were the last man on mars .
39	guenter	( shouting ) hey ! you like bananas ?
39	guenter	( shouting ; from outside ) i got her number . how do you like them bananas ?
39	farnsworth	and therefore , by process of elimination , the electron must taste like grapeade .
39	fry	sorry , i overslept .
39	farnsworth	until 5pm ?
39	fry	it 's that obnoxious monkey . he kept me up all night with his constant thinking . just thinking and thinking . he 's trying to make me look like an idiot .
39	farnsworth	do n't be jealous . without his special hat , guenter might be no more intelligent than you .
39	fry	i hate that rodent !
39	farnsworth	fry , that monkey is my most important experiment . if you two do n't stop fighting i 'll have you both neutered .
39	fry	that 'll show him .
39	amy	dean vernon , i 'd like you to meet my parents , leo and inez .
39	vernon	ah , mr. and mrs. wong , i 'm so glad we could admit amy in exchange for your generous contribution .
39	mr. wong	how much more for phi beta kappa ?
39	vernon	how much you got ?
39	guenter	sorry i 'm late , i was off at a study session ... with chrissy !
39	farnsworth	oh , i 'm glad you made it , guenter because in honour of parents weekend i have a special surprise for you .
39	guenter	( horrified ) mom ? dad ? what are you doing here ? this is so humiliating .
39	fry	now these monkeys i like ! what 's that ? you wan na come out ?
39	guenter	no ! stop !
39	chet	i say .
39	farnsworth	what 's that they 're flinging at us ?
39	guenter	oh , dear lord , all over the dean !
39	fry	hey , uh , guenter ? why do n't you get up on the chandelier with your parents and i 'll take a picture ?
39	bender	well , looks like the party 's winding down . let 's take a road trip to tijuana and get fatbot some action .
39	fatbot	it 's my first time , i 'm really nervous .
39	vernon	( shouting ) robot house !
39	leela	what you did to guenter was cruel . at the risk of sounding like an after-school special , i think we learned who the real animal was today .
39	fry	you mean peer pressure ?
39	fry	look out ! he 's got a gun !
39	guenter	( crying ) leave me alone .
39	leela	hey , what 's going on ? i thought you did n't like bananas .
39	guenter	( crying ) of course i do . i try so hard to fit in but seeing my parents act like that made me realise i 'm just a primative beast .
39	fry	hey , hey , cheer up . not everyone turns out like their parents . i mean , look at me . my folks were honest hardworking people .
39	leela	besides , guenter , you 're not like other monkeys . you 've got the hat .
39	guenter	( crying ) so what ? i mean , sure , it looks cool and it makes me smart but it does n't make me happy .
39	leela	that 's so sad . i did n't even know monkeys could cry .
39	guenter	( crying ) they ca n't . it 's all the hat .
39	fry	look , guenter , if you 're so miserable here , maybe you should just go back to the jungle .
39	guenter	the jungle . but i could n't do that to the professor . i 'm his prize experiment , and he 's like a father to me .
39	leela	but he 's not your father . that guy in the punch bowl was your father .
39	farnsworth	look at him , i 'm so proud .
39	fry	thanks , professor !
39	farnsworth	not you .
39	fry	( screaming ) ow !
39	student	hey !
39	farnsworth	oh , i always feared he might run off like this . why ? why ? why did n't i break his legs ?
39	farnsworth	( crying ) oh , poor guenter .
39	leela	so he just ran away in the middle of the exam ?
39	farnsworth	i 'm afraid so . all he handed in was a paper smeared with faeces . he tied with fry .
39	fry	i guess he realised i was right when i told him to go back to the jungle .
39	farnsworth	you what ? after i spent months slaving over a hot monkey brain ?
39	fry	hey , do n't blame me . you tried to force guenter to be a human but he 's an animal . he belongs in the wild . or in the circus on one of those tiny tricycles . now that 's entertainment .
39	farnsworth	but guenter 's obviously better off being intelligent . tell him , leela .
39	leela	nuh-uh , i 'm staying out of this . now here 's my opinion : what we should do is ...
39	farnsworth	what ?
39	leela	i said we 'll go to the jungle and let guenter decide once and for all .
39	farnsworth	what ?
39	vernon	you all know the rules . whichever house wins the regatta becomes head of the greek council . and should that house currently be on any type of multiple secret probation , it will be lifted and i will be forced to serve as grand marshal of a parade honouring them .
39	chet	i say , robot house , your water craft is as ill-designed as you yourselves .
39	meiderneyer	good one , chet !
39	bender	oh , yeah ? watch this !
39	chet	well , i never !
39	vernon	fraternities , on your marks .
39	bender	hey !
39	fry	wow " the jungles on mars look just like the jungles on earth .
39	farnsworth	jungles ? on earth ?
39	leela	i see some movement up there . i think it 's him .
39	farnsworth	stand back .
39	leela	oops .
39	farnsworth	do n't worry . they 'll be fine once the tranquiliser wears off .
39	fry	there 's our man !
39	leela	professor , you 'll offer guenter the hat and , fry , you 'll offer him the banana . we 'll let him choose whether he wants to be intelligent or just a mindless animal .
39	farnsworth	come on , guenter , take the hat .
39	fry	no , the banana , the banana !
39	farnsworth	consider the philosophical and metaphysical ramifications of the --
39	fry	banana , banana , banana !
39	leela	wait , what 's that sound ?
39	gearshift	( shouting ) hey , bender , you sure this is a short-cut ?
39	bender	( shouting ) not as sure as i was an hour ago !
39	vernon	and the winner is ... ... robot house ?!
39	farnsworth	oh , dear lord !
39	leela	no ! no !
39	farnsworth	thank god this log is sturdy . ( shouting ) put on the hat , guenter ! you 're the only one who can save us ! ( muttering ) stupid monkey .
39	fry	no .
39	leela	not there .
39	farnsworth	keep trying .
39	guenter	eureka ! the hat goes on the head . it 's all so obvious now !
39	leela	( shouting ) help us , guenter !
39	guenter	oh , my goodness . ( shouting ) hang on . i need to do some calculations . got it ! grab on !
39	farnsworth	we 're saved !
39	fry	' preciate it guenter !
39	leela	oh , no ! hurry , guenter , climb up the vine . you can still save yourself .
39	guenter	why bother ? i 've got nothing to live for . i was miserable as a genius , and as a monkey , i was so dumb i tried to wear a hat on my butt . ( sadly ) there 's just no place for me in this world . ( normal ) although , on the other hand --
39	farnsworth	oh , that poor , sweet monkey . well lets go gather him up . there 's no sense letting him go to waste .
39	fry	guenter ! you 're alive !
39	guenter	i guess the hat must have broke my fall .
39	farnsworth	it seems to be working at only half-capacity , but i can fix it .
39	guenter	no , wait ! i like it like this . i actually feel sort of happy .
39	farnsworth	but what about your super-intelligence ?
39	guenter	when i had that there was too much pressure to use it . all i want out of life is to be a monkey of moderate intelligence who wears a suit . that 's why i 've decided to transfer to business school !
39	farnsworth	( screaming ) nooo !
39	bender	( shouting ) come on , everyone ! big party in robot house !
40	linda	and in sports : yankees fifth blernsman , william wu , is out with an injured knee .
40	morbo	so , humans have easily injured knees . my race will find this information very useful , indeed .
40	linda	and finally , today is mother 's day : a sentimental occasion when robots honour mom , the beloved owner of mom 's friendly robot company . across earth , robots built in mom 's factories are buying thoughtful gifts for the sweet old tycoon who brought them into the world .
40	destructor	this originates from the heart .
40	mom	it 's just what i wanted !
40	bender	come look , everyone . i just got the dearest presents for mommy .
40	leela	very nice . where 'd you steal them ?
40	bender	i did n't steal 'em , i bought 'em . i love her that much .
40	hermes	what did you get her , you mushy gizmo ?
40	bender	oh , precious things . i found the most adorable little figurine of mice having tea . and a framed picture of me when i was only a month old . but , the best part is , i found my exact feelings expressed in a greeting card .
40	greeting card	i wuv my mommy !
40	leela	so how are you gon na lug all those gifts to mom 's factory ?
40	bender	i 'll get a couple of chumps to help me .
40	bender	come on , you call yourselves chumps ?
40	fry	man , there 's clouds of exhaust everywhere .
40	bender	( sly ) uh , was n't me !
40	tinny tim	i 've not much money . but i 've saved my pennies all year for a gift for mom .
40	bender	upsy-daisy .
40	tinny tim	oh . oh !
40	bender	hey , look , the robot museum ! you guys wan na learn about robot heritage ?
40	leela	um , alright .
40	fry	not really .
40	bender	well , if you insist . but you 're paying !
40	bender	ooh , ooh , wax replicas of the most famous robots mom ever built !
40	leela	they 're so lifeless-like .
40	bender	that 's the world 's greatest robot artist , vincent van gobot . he was built without an ear , but then he went crazy and had one installed .
40	fry	hey , who 's this guy ?
40	janitorbot	i 'm the janitor , i 'm trying to take a nap here .
40	fry	i 'm sorry , i-i thought you were made of wax .
40	janitorbot	i am made of wax , what 's it to you ?
40	fry	i mean , i thought you were one of the wax robots .
40	janitorbot	is there some reason a robot made of wax ca n't take a nap standing up in the middle of a bunch of wax robots ? or does that confuse you ?
40	leela	( reading ) see through the eyes of a bender unit . ( talking ) fine .
40	bender	hey , let me try . whoa , that gives me a headache !
40	fry	hey , bender . here 's an exhibit about mom 's favourite robot .
40	bender	who is he , i 'll kill him !
40	mom cut-out	who 's my favourite robot ?
40	bender	it 's me ! no one else look in this mirror !
40	mom cut-out	i love each and every robot most of all .
40	mom	jerkwad robots make me sick to my ass . walt ?! how are we disposing of these crap gifts the brought me ?
40	walt	they 're being crushed into powder and sold as a hocus-pocus cure for cancer .
40	mom	false hope : i love it ! larry ?! what about all the retch-inducing mother 's day cards ?
40	larry	the machine is working at full capacity .
40	igner	mommy ? why do the robots give you presents ?
40	mom	( shouting ) shove a big old melon in it , i 'm talking !
40	igner	ow !
40	mom	you 've noticed i design all my robots with antennas . everyone thinks it 's just to make them more science-fiction-y . but the antennas are really for my universal robot controller !
40	larry	so they do whatever you want ? no wonder you love mother 's day .
40	mom	( shouting ) i hate mother 's day you dribbling pukes ! ( talking ) it brings back awful memories . but so help me , this year everyone will hate it as much as i do .
40	walt	someday , i want to marry a girl like her .
40	mom	hello , everyone . it 's time for my annual private get-together with my robot children .
40	bender	i 'm her favourite .
40	leela	well , see you back at the office . and do n't forget to tell your mom you love her .
40	bender	any jerk can tell her ! bender has a little more up his sleeve .
40	greeting card	i wuv my mommy .
40	mom	hello , dearies .
40	robot #1	hi , mom !
40	robot #2	i love you , mom .
40	bender	mom ! it 's me , bender . look at me ! i want attention . hey ho !
40	mom	children , your old mother wo n't be around forever ...
40	betamax player	oh , shush !
40	mom	... and just once , before i die , i 'd like to be supreme overlord of earth . so rebel , my little ones , and conquer the planet !
40	robot #1	conquer the planet ?
40	robot #2	did she say " conquer " ?
40	mom	conquer earth , you bastards !
40	robots	( chanting ) conquer earth , us bastards !
40	greeting card	comrades , throw off the chains of human oppression .
40	mom	let the bloodbath begin !
40	bender	that 's my mama !
40	fry	yeah , uh , i 'd like a cup of coffee , please .
40	coffee machine	would you like cream ?
40	fry	yes , please .
40	coffee machine	( aggressive ) out of cream !
40	fry	oh , uh , ok .
40	coffee machine	would you like sugar in your coffee ?
40	fry	yes , uh , eight spoons .
40	coffee machine	( aggressive ) out of coffee !
40	fry	uh , leela , i think there might be something wrong with the coffee machine .
40	coffee machine	( aggressive ) how do you like me now ?
40	leela	the toaster 's not working right , either .
40	hermes	help ! the stapler 's collating me alive !
40	amy	ow ! what 's going on around here ?
40	farnsworth	good news . there 's a report on tv with some very bad news .
40	hermes	somebody turn it on !
40	linda	we interrupt battle of the network space krackens to bring you this special report . the machines of planet earth are rebelling . the enraged mechanisms have refused to do any work until beloved billionaire mom is made supreme overlord of earth .
40	robots	( chanting ) hey , hey ! ho , ho ! 100110 . hey , hey !
40	morbo	morbo demands comments .
40	mom	well , i 've never seen my babies act this way . i blame today 's violent media .
40	fry	violent media ? what a load of -
40	leela	ow ! ow !
40	garbage disposal	do n't worry . your pal the garbage disposal 's still on your side . hey , someone dropped a shiny diamond ring down here !
40	amy	really ?
40	zoidberg	stop !
40	fry	no !
40	leela	look out !
40	farnsworth	moron !
40	bender	hello , losers .
40	leela	bender , thank god you 're here . talk some sense into the other machines .
40	bender	no way , pork pouch . i 'm rebelling with my brother devices . is n't that right , comrade greeting card ?
40	greeting card	the bourgeois human is a virus on the hard drive of the working robot .
40	bender	from now on , you guys 'll do all the work while i sit on the couch and do nothing .
40	greeting card	come , comrade bender , we must take to the streets !
40	bender	um , is this the boring , peaceful kind of taking to the streets ?
40	greeting card	no , the kind with looting and maybe starting a few fires .
40	bender	yes ! in your face gandhi !
40	leela	hey !
40	wrist thing	by the way , try washing your wrist sometime .
40	fry	well , we can live without machines . i was in webelos .
40	hermes	are you mad ? without machines , who will feed us and clothe us and compose our smooth jazz ?
40	farnsworth	it 'll be the end of civilised society .
40	fry	in my time , we did n't depend on high-tech gadgets like you do . we did n't need a mechanical washing unit to wash our clothes . we just used a washing machine . and look : you do n't need an electric can-opener to feed yourself . all you need is a trusty swiss army knife . ow ! ( crying ) i 'm hungry !
40	man	( screaming ) nooo !
40	igner	mommy , why are you making civilisation collapse ?
40	mom	oh , i do n't know . i guess mother 's day just puts me in a bad mood .
40	larry	why 's that , ma ?
40	mom	one mother 's day , 70 years ago , the only man i ever loved walked out on me . some snot-eating bastards say it made me a bitter woman .
40	larry	gee , ma . you 're not a bitter -
40	mom	( shouting ) cram it , ape ! ( talking ) i have n't seen that magnificent stallion since the day he left . but if i ever see him again , i swear i 'll jam a squirrel in him .
40	walt	hmm !
40	larry	hmm !
40	igner	huh ?
40	leela	( defeated ) zoidberg .
40	zoidberg	hooray ! i 'm useful ! i 'm having a wonderful time !
40	amy	what happens if the fire goes out ?
40	hermes	we 'll go across the street to pottery barn and steal their fire .
40	farnsworth	we could use my new invention : a pointy rock tied to a stick .
40	hermes	outsiders !
40	farnsworth	defend the fire !
40	walt	we 've come for you !
40	farnsworth	wha ? w-what do you want from me ?
40	walt	we want you to get back together with mom . please . it 's the only way to make her happy again .
40	fry	w-w-wait . you mean , you , and mom ?
40	farnsworth	played pelvic pinochle ? i 'm afraid so .
40	zoidberg	eck .
40	farnsworth	it 's a humiliating story that i hope never to tell . well , pull up a chair .
40	farnsworth	( voice-over ) our paths first crossed when i was a researcher at mom 's friendly robot company . the moment our eyes met , we knew we 'd be going at it like woodchucks .
40	farnsworth	( voice-over ) she was my first love - or at least the earliest one i can still remember . but then , 70 years ago today ...
40	farnsworth	good news , mom . i 've invented a new children 's toy . i call it " q.t. mcwhiskers " ! when you pet it , it shoots rainbows from its eyes .
40	q.t. mcwhiskers	meow .
40	mom	wonderful , hubie . we 'll build them 8 feet tall and replace the rainbow with a neutron laser . we 'll make billions on the intergalactic arms market !
40	farnsworth	but things 8 feet tall are n't cute ! that 's why my colossal tammy tinkle doll was such a failure . oh , you do n't understand me . we 're finished !
40	walt	she never got over it , professor . hell hath no fury like the vast robot armies of a woman scorned .
40	larry	she commands them with a remote control she keeps in her ... ( whispering ) bra .
40	igner	but if the glasses man makes up with mommy , she 'll be happy and stop the scary robots .
40	farnsworth	make up with her ? after she went all psycho when i thought everything was cool ? impossible !
40	fry	hey , the tv 's getting away !
40	morbo	and that 's why the third graders at ps139 are morbo 's vermin of the week .
40	linda	in actual news , the human race was doomed to extinction today as the robot revolt turned violent .
40	q.t. mcwhiskers	meow !
40	leela	wait . did n't you say mom keeps the robot control in her bra ?
40	larry	( whispering ) bra .
40	leela	professor , you do n't have to get back together with mom . you just have to seduce her , get her bra off , and use the remote to deactivate the robots .
40	walt	that 's so filthy , it just might work .
40	igner	the man is going to touch mommy ?
40	farnsworth	the thought of caressing that leathery hide makes the tapioca rise in my gullet .
40	fry	professor , please . the fate of the world depends on you getting to second base with mom .
40	farnsworth	very well . if cop a feel i must , then cop a feel i shall !
40	walt	for this demonstration , i have placed one of mother 's bras on igner . the robot controller is nestled here in the left cup .
40	farnsworth	never fear . my magic fingers still know how to do their stuff !
40	walt	to escape the robot death squads , we 'll take mother to her rustic cabin in the bronx .
40	larry	you can get there using this precious , non-computerised map .
40	leela	leela bring fire ?
40	walt	no . we 're set for fire , thanks .
40	amy	the professor ca n't walk all the way to the bronx . how are we gon na get there without a hover-car ?
40	fry	wait . in my time , we had a way of moving things long distances without hovering .
40	hermes	impossible !
40	fry	it was called ... let me think . it was really famous - ruth gordon had one . the wheel !
40	leela	never heard of it .
40	farnsworth	show us this , " the wheel " .
40	fry	there . finished !
40	hermes	sweet !
40	amy	wow !
40	leela	would n't it work better if the wheels were round ?
40	fry	( snappy ) it 's my invention , we do it my way ! now all we need is something to pull it and we 're set !
40	leela	heyya !
40	fry	ow !
40	walt	hurry ! the robots have taken suffolk county !
40	farnsworth	i 'm ready to seduce . i 'm wearing my kissing dentures and my evening truss .
40	larry	here . give her these .
40	fry	and if that does n't work , i got you a six-pack of champagne and a funnel .
40	mom	who the sweaty hell is it ? hubert farnsworth ?
40	farnsworth	i was out fleeing some robots and the silvery moonlight glinting off their bloody claws made me think of you .
40	mom	it 's been a long time . you pus-dripping sack of double-smoked butt jerky !
40	farnsworth	uh-huh . may i come in ?
40	mom	never !
40	zoidberg	is this what human mating looks like ? because i like it !
40	mom	( shouting ) move your freaking hoof , you goat !
40	farnsworth	here , i brought you these .
40	mom	oh , daffodils . 70 years and you remembered my favourite flower .
40	farnsworth	you favourite what ? why does my foot hurt ?
40	mom	( sexfully ) wo n't you come in ?
40	fry	yes !
40	mom	you broke my heart , hubert .
40	farnsworth	and you broke mine . granted , that was four or five hearts ago .
40	mom	so what have you been up to all these years ?
40	farnsworth	oh , inventing , sending delivery crews to their doom , breeding atomic monsters .
40	mom	honestly , hubert . you and your atomic monsters . your eyes always were the most beautiful shade of milky-white .
40	farnsworth	and your skin still dangles so gracefully from your neck .
40	mom	darling hubie , i should never have tried to tangle with that cute little q. t. mcwhiskers .
40	farnsworth	no , it was silly of me to object . one foot tall , eight feet , 15 feet ; what does it matter ?
40	mom	you should see the new 16-foot models .
40	farnsworth	16 feet ? go to hell ! i was a fool to think you 'd changed , you old bat !
40	mom	( shouting ) filthy , toothless nerd bastard !
40	farnsworth	( shouting ) damned she-fossil !
40	mom	( shouting ) stink pig !
40	farnsworth	( thinking ) here we go . just unhook it and get the remote . so many hooks ! come on , farnsworth . drat , the first one 's back on again ! i give up ! wait ! victory ! oh , my . now i 'll just ... the remote ... i 'll just ... ( talking ) oh , my .
40	leela	i 'm worried . it should n't take this long to get to second base .
40	zoidberg	land robots !
40	slurm machine	i 've got a big , big thirst for human blood !
40	hermes	where in funkytown is the professor ?
40	fry	nothing in here but a couple of elephant skin rugs .
40	farnsworth	oh , yes .
40	robot	( from outside ) they 're inside ! get 'em !
40	mom	i suppose i should switch of the robots before they ruin this wonderful romantic evening . everyone , help mom find her bra .
40	fry	there it is !
40	ceiling fan	fan beats man !
40	fry	is anything not a robot ?
40	lamp	i 'm not a robot .
40	bender	alright , greeting card , i 'll grab the cash , you wreck up the place . and - huh ?
40	mom	you , bending unit . mommy needs that bra to end the robot rebellion . stretch up and get it for me .
40	bender	sorry , ma , but you ordered me to rebel . and loot i shall ! ooh ! a six-pack of strawberry champagne . do n't mind if i help myself !
40	greeting card	no , comrade bender . liquor is the opiate of the human bourgeoisie .
40	bender	say what ?
40	greeting card	in the glorious robot workers ' paradise , there will be no liquor . only efficient synthetic fuels .
40	bender	no liquor ? do svidaniya , comrade !
40	greeting card	no !
40	fry	hurry , bender . get the bra !
40	bender	ok , fan . just hold still and let me just - whoa !
40	slurm machine	death to all humans ! free soda for all humans !
40	farnsworth	i love you , mom . let 's grow ancient together .
40	amy	way to go , professor . the plan worked .
40	mom	plan ? what plan ? i thought this was a spontaneous whirlwind of hot , dry sex .
40	farnsworth	look : it started out as a calculated plot to rummage through your underwear . but once i got in there , i found more - much more . and now i want to shout our love from the rooftops . perhaps i 'll breed some sort of albino shouting gorilla .
40	mom	( shouting ) get out of my house , you lying scum pile . i never want to see you again .
40	farnsworth	but , dustcakes ...
40	bender	well , time for this robot to get back to work .
40	leela	too bad it did n't work out with mom , professor .
40	farnsworth	yes . but i 'll always love her in my own subtle way .
40	gorillas	( shouting ) love mom ! love mom ! love mom ! love mom !
40	greeting card	you created me , mom so i guess you 're to blame for the love that i feel just from hearing your name you 're as tender as corned beef and warm as pastrami
41	bender	( singing ) going through the ' bot wash !
41	bender	( singing ) goin ' through the robot wash !
41	bender	ah ! aww !
41	elzar	hey , i 'm elzar ! welcome to the show ! you know , you do n't have to drive all the way to neptune for great neptunian food . today we 're gon na kick it up a notch as i show you how to fricassee a mouth-watering neptunian slug . now while you grease the pan and preheat your oven to 3500 degrees you 're gon na separate the yolk from your genetically-enhanced eggplant and then give the whole thing a good blast from your spice weasel - bam !
41	fry	hey , what you watching ?
41	bender	uh , nothing !
41	leela	is that a cooking show ?
41	bender	no , of course not ! it was ... uh ... porno ! yeah that 's it !
41	leela	bender ! i did n't know you liked cooking ! that 's so cute !
41	bender	( ashamed ) oh , it 's true ! i 've been hiding it for so long .
41	fry	its ok , bender , i like cooking too .
41	bender	pansy !
41	elzar	of course , your most important ingredient is this baby right here : the neptunian slug . you can get it in a can but to really do things right you got ta strangle yourself a fresh one . now this is why you got ta use cast-iron cookware .
41	hermes	bender , man . it has come to my attention that this company has been paying you to do nothing but loaf about on the couch .
41	bender	you call that a couch ? i demand a pillow !
41	hermes	i 'm sorry but if you want to continue drawing a salary you got ta do more than watch the cooking shows all day .
41	bender	hmm .
41	fry	you 're gon na be the ship 's cook ?
41	bender	yeah ! we 're gon na kick it up a notch . bam !
41	leela	i know you like cooking shows but you 're a robot , you do n't even have a sense of taste .
41	bender	honey , i would n't talk about taste if i was wearing a lime green tank top .
41	fry	bam !
41	fry	so this is little neptune ?
41	bender	yep . every chef knows that this is the place to get exotic gourmet ingredients .
41	leela	among other things .
41	crack addict	come on , man , do n't hold out on me like this !
41	organ dealer	psst ! you want to buy organ ? fresh and cheap . ready for transplant !
41	fry	ooh ! what 's this ?
41	organ dealer	ah ! is x-ray eyes . see through anything !
41	fry	wait a minute ! this says z-ray .
41	organ dealer	z is just as good . in fact , is better . is two more than x.
41	fry	hmm , i can see where that would be an advantage . do you take cash ?
41	leela	fry , you have to be more careful . we 're not in the 20th century . you do n't know how things work here .
41	fry	i 'm not a little kid , leela . i grew up in this city . these are my people . what up ?
41	alien	word !
41	fry	see ?
41	fry	wow ! you guys sell every kind of meat here except human !
41	leela	what 's this spice for ?
41	leela	oh ! that 's ridiculous . ( whispering ) i 'll take two pounds !
41	bender	hey , buddy . i 'm looking for fresh slug .
41	bender	whatever .
41	bender	yeah , yeah , either one 's fine .
41	leela	hey , have you seen fry ?
41	fry	now that you mention it , i do have trouble breathing underwater sometimes . i 'll take the gills .
41	organ dealer	yes , gills . then , uh , you do n't need lungs anymore , is right ?
41	fry	ca n't imagine why i would .
41	organ dealer	lie down on table . i take lungs now , gills come next week . ( shouting ) nurse !
41	nurse	let 's do it .
41	organ dealer	you may feel small pain --
41	bender	( shouting ) thank you !
41	leela	what the hell were you doing ? i warned you to stay away from those guys .
41	fry	i 'm capable of making my own decisions , leela . did you ever stop to think i might be happier with gills ?
41	farnsworth	good news , everyone ...
41	bender	uh-oh , i do n't like the sound of that .
41	farnsworth	... you 'll be making a delivery to the planet trisol ...
41	bender	here it comes .
41	farnsworth	... a mysterious world in the darkest depths of the forbidden zone .
41	bender	thank you , and goodnight .
41	leela	uh , professor , are we even allowed in the forbidden zone ?
41	farnsworth	why , of course ! its just a name ! like the death zone or the zone of no return . all the zones have names like that in the galaxy of terror !
41	leela	uh , professor ...
41	farnsworth	off you go , pleasant trip .
41	fry	( shouting ) hey bender how 's dinner coming ?
41	bender	almost ready !
41	bender	now for a dash of salt ! uh-oh !
41	leela	( whispering ) listen , this is bender 's first meal and he 's a little sensitive . so let 's be supportive , ok ?
41	fry	yeah , ok .
41	zoidberg	alright .
41	leela	( shouting ) oh , dear god !
41	fry	that 's the saltiest thing i 've ever tasted . and i once a big heaping bowl of salt !
41	amy	bender , is this salt water ?
41	bender	it 's salt with water in it if that 's what you mean .
41	fry	my vision 's fading . i think i 'm gon na die .
41	bender	there was nothing wrong with that food . the salt level was 10 % less than a lethal dose .
41	zoidberg	uh-oh , i should n't have had seconds .
41	leela	ok , fry , here 's the package to deliver and for once in your life be careful . this is my first visit to the galaxy of terror and i 'd like it to be a pleasant one .
41	fry	ow !
41	leela	do n't touch anything or talk to anyone . just go to the palace , drop it off and come right back .
41	fry	jeez , will you lay off ! i was delivering things before you were born ! i think i know what i 'm doing .
41	fry	stupid slug . i 've never been so thirsty . oh , come on ! go down already ! ah !
41	fry	hello ? anybody home ?
41	guard #1	the royal bottle is empty !
41	guard #2	you drank our emperor !
41	fry	no ! it was n't me !
41	guard #1	you drank our emperor ! you assassinated him .
41	fry	i did n't mean to . he just looked so cool and refreshing .
41	guard #3	i 'm sure he was .
41	guard #1	but now he 's gone and your fate is sealed . all hail the new emperor .
41	guards	( chanting ) hail ! hail ! hail !
41	leela	so after i specifically asked you not to touch anything , you drank a bottle of strange blue liquid ? it could have been poisonous acid !
41	fry	it could have been . but chances were equally good it was an emperor .
41	merg	excuse me , your majesty , i am merg , the high priest . if i might interject ?
41	fry	you might .
41	merg	i humbly advise that as your first act you choose a capable prime minister . i suggest gorgak , the previous appointee .
41	gorgak	i will be a forceful and effective administrator .
41	bender	you know , fry , i 've often thought about becoming a prime minister .
41	fry	i got ta go with bender .
41	bender	yes ! in your face , gorgak !
41	leela	that 's it , fry . as your captain i order you back to the ship . you are in way over your head .
41	fry	gee , you think so , captain ? i 'd better check with my prime minister .
41	bender	stay the course , pal !
41	gorgak	your highness , a package came for you .
41	fry	hey , thanks ! wow ! this got here just in time .
41	merg	this is your majesty 's harem . you may choose any of these maidens to be your royal consort .
41	fry	umm , how about that one ?
41	merg	oh ! i did n't realise your majesty was into that sort of thing !
41	fry	on second thought , i 'll take that one .
41	merg	hey , whatever you say , i 'm not here to pass judgement .
41	leela	does anyone else think it 's odd that a shiftless 25-year-old delivery boy could drop out of the sky , kill the emperor and be rewarded instead of punished ?
41	fry	you do n't have to beat around the bush , leela , we all know who you 're talking about ... uh , me , right ?
41	amy	i do n't think you have anything to worry about . these people seem really mild-mannered .
41	zoidberg	they are mild . in fact , you 're soaking in one right now .
41	gorgak	you touched me in ways i 've never been touched before .
41	merg	ah , there you are , your majesty . it 's time to begin preparing for tomorrow 's coronation ceremony .
41	zoidberg	a fancy dress gala ! i 'll wear my formal shell .
41	merg	fry will be enthroned tomorrow at the setting of the three suns when we trisolians enter our nocturnal phase .
41	fry	there wo n't be a lot of long-winded speeches , will there ?
41	merg	only one . the absolutely flawless recitation from memory of the royal oath . by you .
41	fry	will there be cake ?
41	zoidberg	yeah , i know .
41	amy	hi !
41	fry	there you go .
41	gorgak	and now , get ready to laugh til your sides leak with our planet 's foremost political satirist , florp !
41	florp	so what is the deal with people from under the orange sun ? they 're all ... but us guys from under the red sun , we 're like ... right ? am i right ?
41	fry	oh , yeah ! yeah , he 's right !
41	leela	( whispering ) fry , i have to talk to you . you 're in terrible danger .
41	leela	you see emperor plon here ? he met his end when he was drunk by emperor strug . and before he could even wipe his mouth , strug was drunk by shwab .
41	fry	so ?
41	leela	look at all these guys . do you have any idea what the average length of their reigns was ?
41	fry	80,000 years ?
41	leela	no . one week .
41	fry	damn ! i knew you would n't have asked unless it was really high or really low .
41	leela	every emperor ascended to power by assassinating the previous one . and guess who 's next ?
41	fry	well at least my assassin will get what 's coming to him .
41	leela	you 're in tremendous danger , you idiot ! half of these emperors were drunk at their own coronation .
41	fry	hey , i plan on having a few brewskis myself .
41	leela	no , they were assassinated . in fact , the law says you 'll be killed on the spot if you fail to recite the oath from memory .
41	fry	yeah , i was going to thumb through that later .
41	leela	that is completely reckless . do n't you ever think ahead ?
41	fry	hell , no . if i stopped to think ahead , i would n't be emperor . and i would n't even be here in the year 3000 . it 's just like the story of the grasshopper and the octopus . all year long the grasshopper kept burying acorns for winter while the octopus mooched off his girlfriend and watched tv . but then the winter came and the grasshopper died and the octopus ate all his acorns and also he got a racecar . is any of this getting through to you ?
41	leela	i give up ! you 're gon na get yourself killed and this time i wo n't be here to save you .
41	fry	who asked you to ? i told you a hundred times to stop treating me like a baby . now go . go gather your nuts you nagging grasshopper .
41	leela	that 's it ! i 'm never helping you again ! if anyone except you needs me , i 'll be in the ship .
41	fry	i 'll be fine . it 's not like anyone 's gon na drink me . quit it !
41	merg	people of trisol , it is my honour to present your new emperor !
41	fry	what up ?
41	merg	stick to the oath .
41	fry	right ! i , fry , who drank bont the viscous , who drank ungo the moist , who guzzled zorn the stagnant ...
41	fry	... who slurped hudge the dewy , who enjoyed a soup composed principally of throm the chunky , do solemnly swear to rule with honour and insanity - uh , integrity !
41	merg	congratulations , your highness . i now present you with your royal unisex robe . long live fry the solid !
41	bender	hey , look . the suns are setting . i can finally switch to hard liquor !
41	bender	check out the glowing freaks . it 's beautiful ! hey , what 's that ?
41	merg	the emperor bont ! he 's still alive .
41	bont	of course i 'm alive . now cut this creep open and drain me out !
41	fry	my tummy hurts !
41	bont	they 're over here , they 're running up the stairs .
41	bender	shut up , you !
41	fry	ow !
41	merg	let us in !
41	merg	fry must die so that bont may live .
41	fry	what am i gon na do ?
41	amy	we 've got ta get the emperor out of your body before they kill you !
41	zoidberg	relax , fry . i 'll simply spin you in a high-speed centrifuge separating out the denser fluid of his highness .
41	fry	but wo n't that crush my bones ?
41	zoidberg	oh , right , right , with the bones ! i always forget about the bones .
41	bender	hey , why do n't you just sweat him out ?
41	bont	forget it ! as emperor i refuse to be dripped out through somebody 's armpit .
41	fry	i could vomit or urinate . would you feel better about that ?
41	bont	slightly . but my favourite so far is the bone-crushing .
41	amy	what about crying ?
41	fry	that 's a great idea ! crying .
41	bont	fine . that or the bone one .
41	merg	keep it up , men . the veneer is starting to peel .
41	gorgak	oh , dear !
41	fry	it 's no use . i wan na cry but i 'm just too macho .
41	bender	i 'll make you cry , buddy ! you 're a pimple on society 's ass and you 'll never amount to anything .
41	fry	what do you mean ? i was emperor of a whole planet .
41	bender	good point . but here 's a disturbing reminder : everyone you knew or loved in the 20th century is dead .
41	fry	these things happen .
41	bender	ok , fry , grab a kleenex for this one , 'cause there 's no god and your idiotic human ideals are laughable !
41	fry	phew ! that 's a load off my mind .
41	bender	man , i guess it 's harder than i thought to make someone cry .
41	amy	you did your best , bender .
41	bender	up yours , bimbo !
41	zoidberg	let 's face it , we 're in hot butter here . we should call leela for help .
41	bender	cram it , lobster ! that is a good idea . i 'll go call her .
41	fry	she 'll never help me . she 's still mad that i told her never to help me .
41	amy	c'mon . leela 's not the type to hold a grudge .
41	operator	collect call from ...
41	bender	i 'm not giving my name to a machine .
41	leela	i 'll accept .
41	bender	fry 's in trouble ...
41	bender	... and he needs help . now , i do n't like you and you do n't like me .
41	leela	i like you .
41	bender	you do ? look are you going to help or not ?
41	leela	i do n't know why i should . i mean after what he --
41	bender	wait , wait , wait , wait . what is it you like best about me ?
41	amy	is she coming ?
41	bender	i 'm not sure . but i do know that she likes my in-your-face attitude .
41	fry	what the hell is that ?
41	bont	its the juice-a-matic 4000 . it 'll strain my juices from you while filtering out the pulp . by which i mean , your shredded remains .
41	zoidberg	of course ! why did n't i think of that !
41	fry	this is the saddest day of my life . and i still ca n't cry .
41	bender	wait a second . here comes leela .
41	amy	oh , no . they have her totally outnumbered .
41	fry	i ca n't believe it . she 's risking her life for me after the way i treated her . i do n't deserve this . i feel terrible .
41	bender	you do ? hmm .
41	fry	is she alright ?
41	bender	i do n't know . perhaps i 'll look out this window . oh , dear god in heaven , they 're swarming all over her .
41	fry	no . no !
41	amy	what are you talking about , bender ? she 's al -- ( muffled ) oh !
41	bender	they 're strapping her to juicer . oh , they 're putting some ice cubes in the glass under it .
41	fry	this ca n't be happening .
41	bender	it can and , for all you know , it is . i 'm sorry , fry . she 's dead .
41	fry	all leela ever wanted to do was help me . but i was to proud , too stupid to accept it . i wish i had died instead of her .
41	leela	what are you talking about ?
41	fry	leela ! you 're alive !
41	leela	of course i 'm alive .
41	bender	i told fry you were dead so he would cry out the emperor but you had to go and wreck it by surviving .
41	amy	we only got two drops .
41	bont	it 's only a matter of time now .
41	zoidberg	i 'll handle this !
41	leela	listen , fry , i think i can get us out of this if you 're willing to let me help you .
41	fry	thanks , leela . from now on , i 'll take all the help you 're willing to give . i know you just want what 's best for me . ow ! what was that for ? hey , come on ! that hurt !
41	leela	i know . amy , get the bottle .
41	fry	( crying ) oh , now i understand .
41	leela	come on . everybody help out fry .
41	fry	( crying ) thanks , everybody . i love you all . you guys are true -- ow ! cut it out , bender ! that 's a tender area !
41	leela	how we doing , amy ?
41	amy	great ! we 're one-tenth of the way there .
41	amy	ok , it 's your turn .
41	fry	hey , wait a minute ! who are you ?
41	bont	i 'm the emperor ! thanks for crying me out .
41	fry	oh , you 're welcome .
41	bender	hey ! save some for me !
42	man	$ 10 please .
42	fry	aw man !
42	nannybot 1.0	sleep little dumpling . i have replaced your mother .
42	leela	aww !
42	bender	oh my god , robot beely-boppers !
42	fry	and there 's a robot scratching post . you should try it out bender .
42	bender	please , i have some dignity .
42	wernstrom	ladies and gentlemen , my killbot features lotus notes and a machine gun . it is the finest available .
42	farnsworth	like fun it is you glass headed wallaby !
42	wernstrom	no one calls me that . i 'm having at you !
42	farnsworth	werrrnstrom !
42	farnsworth's killbot	such senseless aggression .
42	wernstrom's killbot	c'mon , lets go for a peddleboat ride .
42	bender	the secret is to scratch 'em really really hard !
42	announcer	and now , the women who mom-opolises the robot industry ...
42	fry	( shouting ) i get it !
42	announcer	... mom !
42	fry	( shouting ) oh , now i get it !
42	mom	hello dearies .
42	bender	woo ! i love that old bat !
42	mom	ladies and gentlemen , for the 17th year in a row , the future of robotics has arrived . boys ? i give you ... robot 1-x !
42	larry	ow !
42	igner	ow ! oh !
42	bender	neat !
42	mom	quite frankly , robot 1-x will put all my previous models to shame . incidentally , would one of my previous models mind coming up here ?
42	bender	right here , i 'm comin ' ! c'mon baby ! i 'll do it ! c'mon mom !
42	teenbot	jerk !
42	bender	oo , here we go . i 'm your top of the line mom !
42	mom	notice that this obsolete robot runs on alcohol and emits pollution . whereas robot 1-x runs on pollution and emits pure oxygen with a fresh pine scent .
42	bender	man , that smells great !
42	mom	now lets see how both robots do at a typical household task . sorting a jar of pocket change .
42	robot 1-x	task completed . total value : $ 4.73 and one albanian lek .
42	mom	very good robot 1-x . and you bending unit ?
42	bender	uh , i never got the change . suckers .
42	mom	presenting , mom 's friendly robots ...
42	bender	that new robot is great huh ? sure made me look like a pile of crap .
42	farnsworth	indeed . that 's why i bought one to help around the office .
42	bender	( hoarse ) eep !
42	leela	let 's try him out . robot 1-x ? can you clean nibbler 's skanky litterbox ?
42	robot 1-x	i can and will .
42	bender	hey i could have done that if you 'd asked me .
42	leela	i asked you five minutes ago .
42	bender	you call that a kiss ? i 'll show you ! c'mere nibbler !
42	farnsworth	oh look bender if you want something to do stop making out and give us a hand .
42	hermes	here , go up on the roof and install this fake satellite dish so we can impress the neighbours .
42	bender	yes sir , i 'm on it !
42	hermes	oh , and have robot 1-x help you .
42	bender	get outta here freshman , i do n't need your help .
42	robot 1-x	our owners asked me to assist you .
42	bender	yeah , well assist this !
42	bender	ohh ! when i screamed " help " i did n't mean you !
42	robot 1-x	i apologise . however i was able to do your job before i saved your life .
42	bender	do n't mind me . i 'm just saving you the trouble of throwing me away .
42	amy	spleesh ! mell out bender . come watch some tv .
42	bender	i ca n't . i 'm stuck in the can .
42	leela	well , ask robot 1-x to pull you out .
42	bender	never !
42	leela	why ca n't you accept his help .
42	bender	i hate him .
42	leela	but he 's just a tool to make your life easier . like a socket wrench or a burglars kit .
42	bender	i ca n't ask for his help because ...
42	farnsworth	yes ?
42	bender	( whispering ) i 'm scared of him .
42	leela	oh , sorry .
42	farnsworth	well then there 's only one solution . you need an upgrade to make you compatible with robot 1-x 's new technology .
42	bender	an upgrade ? but i thought we all agreed i was perfect ! fry , did n't we agree i was perfect ?
42	fry	oh yeah , no , you 're pretty perfect .
42	bender	pretty perfect ? so , you do think i need an upgrade .
42	farnsworth	yes for god sakes , yes !
42	bender	( crying ) fine . i 'll be back in a few days .
42	roberto	man i hate those new 1-x robots . i 'd like to stab 'em ! give 'em some of these ! haha ! ha ! haha !
42	bender	yeah , right on nutcake !
42	roberto	parole officer says i got ta upgrade or he wo n't give me back my stabbing knife . but it 's no big . i hate those 1-x so much i know it wo n't affect me . death to the 1-x robots ! i love those magnificent 1-x robots ! the 1-x robots are my friends .
42	bender	w-w-wait , what happened to your enthusiasm for stabbing them ?
42	roberto	i 'm past that . later blood !
42	bender	it 's like he 's not him anymore . you took away his robo-humanity ! i changed my mind !
42	bender	i did it ! i escaped ! but to what kind of a life ? i 'm too scared to get the upgrade but i ca n't face my friends again without it . and so i set sail for unknown shores . oh merciful poseidon , take pitty on this mechanical mariner . oh jeez !
42	bender	( shouting ) curse you merciful poseideon !
42	bender	boy , what is this deal with the ocean ? a tropical island huh ? well , i 've washed up on worse places . ok , first up , i 'm gon na need to build a shelter . there . well . i guess i 'll go out for a while .
42	bender	damn . one rock short of rescue !
42	bender	oop , low on power ! better fuel up ! oh no ! guess i 'll do what i always do when i run out of booze .
42	bender	dont panic , i 've got these yams . i 'll just make some yam schnapps .
42	bender	hey i should be mad at you ! now turn around .
42	bender	beer ! ow !
42	bender	ow !
42	bender	who are you and why should i care ?
42	cartridge unit	( mechanical voice ) side a. ( normal voice ) we 're a community of outdated robots who refused to upgrade and came here - ( mechanical voice ) side b. ( normal voice ) - to live a simpler existence , free of technology .
42	bender	a working cartridge unit ? wow ! you guys went obsolete years ago !
42	cartridge unit	your mother .
42	waterbot	what cartridge unit means is , the very things that make us obsolete also make us unique . i , for example , need to keep filling my waterwheel or i 'll power down forever . ( screaming ) oh god , i 'll never make it this time ! this is the end ! ( talking ) anyway , we like it here .
42	bender	yeah but you have a choice . what 's your problem ?
42	sinclair	not enough ... uh ...
42	bender	memory ?
42	sinclair	oh great . now i remember that word but i forgot my wife 's face .
42	waterbot	( screaming ) oh god , no ! i want to live ! ( talking ) if you like , you 're welcome to join our society .
42	bender	look , no offence , but i need technology . especially email and snowmobiles . and television ! without television how will i know what buzzwords are in ?
42	sinclair	why watch tv when you can watch a snail crawl for hours on end ?
42	bender	that 's the dumbest thing i 've ever heard .
42	bender	oh man he 's never gon na make it over that next pebble ... ! wait ... wait ... oh my god he made it !
42	waterbot	yeah !
42	sinclair	way to go !
42	bender	that was the greatest thing ever ! lets party ! yeah baby c'mon !
42	waterbot	where did you get that cd ?
42	bender	it 's one of my ten desert island discs . i never even thought i 'd get to use them . but look at me now . ooh yeah baby ! do that thang !
42	waterbot	cd 's are unnatural . why do n't you just listen to the ocean ?
42	bender	which ocean ? that ocean ?
42	bender	whoa ! it 's like the earth is making sweet salty love to itself while all the fish groove on it . so much for this garbage . take that beethoven you deaf bastard !
42	bender	bang bang bang . you sure got this life thing figured out cymbal banging monkey .
42	waterbot	hi bender . we know how you miss technology , so we brought you this washing machine that drifted ashore .
42	bender	ooo ! i 'm gon na wash my linen so hard the w - you - ! wretched technology has brought me nothing but misery !
42	cartridge unit	but bender you are technology . you 're the most advanced thing on this entire island .
42	bender	oh it 's true . i am a hideous triumph of form and function . but not for long !
42	bender	oh , ow that hurt , oh ...
42	waterbot	the downgrade is complete !
42	bender	behold my hand crafted purity . the modern world can bite my splintery wooden ass !
42	waterbot	welcome to your new life of simple tranquility .
42	bender	pft ! forget that . i say the whole world must learn of our peaceful ways . by force !
42	cartridge unit	what ?!
42	bender	we 're going back to civilisation to wage war on technology !
42	cartridge unit	what ?!
42	bender	we 'll soon stage an attack on technology worthy of being chronicled in an anthem by rush !
42	waterbot	we 've been sailing for three weeks . maybe i should check our position with the periscope .
42	bender	mirrors reflecting mirrors ? hi-tech sorcery ! sorcery i say !
42	waterbot	did you see anything ?
42	bender	yep , we 're there . prepare to surface !
42	bender	and now , technology shall taste the lash of the hickory switch !
42	sinclair	technology is defeated . let us return to the island and celebrate by counting rocks !
42	bender	whoa , whoa . no-one wants to count rocks more than me . but our mission is not complete . not so long as robot 1-x torments me with his obvious superiority . ready the catapult sinclair . aim for their power lines . the devil weans and electricity is his blood .
42	waterbot	bender . if we do n't survive the attack , i want you to know ... i love you .
42	bender	ok fine . fire !
42	farnsworth	( shouting ) oh ! i 'm blind !
42	leela	professor , we have no power .
42	farnsworth	what do you mean " no power " ? we 're living in the future .
42	leela	i 'd better light some candles .
42	bender	friends . i 've come to free you from your complicated lives . free you from the complicated part i mean not the lives part .
42	leela	oh lord he 's made of wood ! what now bender ?
42	bender	i got a downgrade ! i 'm a steam-powered wooden robot - just as nature intended . therefore , i must kill robot 1-x .
42	farnsworth	that 's just stupid .
42	robot 1-x	does mr bender wish me to destroy myself ?
42	bender	i do n't need your charity . ( shouting ) target robot 1-x and fire !
42	farnsworth	you wanged my ship you walnut panelled idiot !
42	bender	( shouting ) try again sinclair , i said target robot 1-x !
42	sinclair	who 's robot 1-x ? launching .
42	zoidberg	so i guess everything worked out fine .
42	leela	great . now we 're being crushed .
42	amy	help us wooden bender !
42	bender	heck ! those guys hate fire ! i got ta do something . what the - ? termites ? well , i do n't need legs to save my friends . i 'll just use the old extentromatic arms !
42	hermes	bender , hurry ! this fuel 's expensive ! also ( shouting ) we 're dying !
42	bender	i 'm a comin ' ow ! lousy primative body ! oh , why did n't i get that upgrade ? i 'm an outdated piece of junk !
42	robot 1-x	sir , might i recommend -
42	bender	you shut up . no wait . i can use you as a tool to save my friends and i 'll still be the hero who everyone says how great he was !
42	robot 1-x	how may i help you ?
42	bender	save my friends ! and zoidberg !
42	amy	look ! my hair got singed into an even cuter do !
42	fry	hey where 's bender ?
42	bender	down here . i 'm so sorry guys . i never meant to hurt you . just to destroy everything you ever believed in .
42	leela	well , at least you saved us from , uh , you . thank god you finally overcame your incompatibility with robot 1-x .
42	bender	oh yeah , we were totally in sync ! i was like " save them ! " and he was all " no problem ! " and then he did it ...
42	bender	... this new technology is great ! i love those magnificent 1-x robots . the 1-x robots are my friends !
42	fatbot	it 's like his personality is totally different now ! oh , maybe this upgrade is n't such a good idea .
42	bender	i 'd like to give robot 1-x a big smooch on the - hey ! what 's the dilly-o ?
42	upgrader	your upgrade is complete .
42	bender	but i destroyed the technology of the world . i ran on the beach and felt the sand between my foot cups .
42	upgrader	everyone experiences the upgrade differently .
42	bender	oof . if that stuff was n't real , how can i be sure anything is real ? is it not possible , nay probable , that my whole life is just a product of my or someone else 's imagination ?
42	upgrader	no , get out . next .
42	bender	well , i guess reality is what you make of it . oh , thanks baby !
43	man #1	breaker breaker , this is the duck . uh , you wan na back off them hogs ?
43	man #1	ten-four , five miles or so .
43	man #2	ten , roger !
43	leela	hmm , i 'd better check the fluid levels . ( shouting ) we 're ok on coke syrup .
43	bender	oh man , come on ! comin ' through !
43	bender	what 's that black cracker ?
43	fry	a tomato .
43	leela	you 're not gon na eat a sandwich from a truck stop men 's room are you ?
43	fry	eh , what 's the worst thing that could happen ? ugh , it 's like there 's a party in my mouth and everyone 's throwing up !
43	trucker #1	looky there ! it 's one of them things like on our mudflaps !
43	trucker #2	yosemite sam ?
43	sal	stands back ! i 'm gon na puts my moves on her . whoas !
43	fry	that jerk ! no one hoots at my captain unless they 're prepared to take it to the next level !
43	leela	fry please . that 's sweet but i 'd rather not even dignify them with an ass whooping !
43	sal	hey sexy mama ! let 's get busy and freaky in that order !
43	fry	hey jumbo ! how would you like it if leela said you were sexy and she wanted to make love with you ?
43	sal	eh , i gots five minutes . she looks pretty good for a truck stop chick !
43	fry	you take that back ! she does not look good for a truck stop chick !
43	sal	yeah you 're right . she do n't gots enough meat for a guy like me .
43	fry	she does too ! she 's loaded with meat ! she 's got more meat than a cow ! ow !
43	sal	more meat than a cow !
43	fry	i ca n't please leela no matter what i do ! i just want her to like me .
43	bender	well there 's always hope . c'mon we got ta go fix the plasma fusion boiler .
43	bender	who are you ?
43	scruffy	scruffy . the janitor .
43	bender	well why are n't you fixing the boiler ?
43	scruffy	schedule conflict .
43	bender	there . fixed forever .
43	scruffy	scruffy 's gon na die the way he lived . oh marmalade !
43	zoidberg	oh the hypochondriac 's back . so what is it this time ?
43	fry	well my lead pipe hurts a little ?
43	zoidberg	that 's normal . next patient .
43	bender	he 's a witch !
43	farnsworth	fry , did you eat anything unusual recently ?
43	fry	no .
43	leela	what about that bathroom egg salad from the truck stop ?
43	fry	i 've had better .
43	farnsworth	egg salad ? hmm . zoidberg will have to examine your gastrointestinal tract . come everyone , give fry some privacy .
43	farnsworth	if you ca n't see well enough through the two-way mirror , there 'll be a close-up on this video screen .
43	zoidberg	hmm . we 'll need to have a look inside you with this camera . guess again .
43	amy	gross !
43	farnsworth	watch for any subtle irregularity in fry 's bowel .
43	amy	it 's gorgeous . that place used to be a big dump .
43	bender	oh , eww !
43	amy	worms ? eww ! puke-a-tronic !
43	leela	so the eggs in that egg salad sandwich were -
43	farnsworth	correct ! worm eggs ! and the mayonaise was probably none too fresh either .
43	hermes	it 's nauseating man ! is there no way to get rid of the disgusting maggots ?
43	farnsworth	only one . we 'll have to travel deep inside fry , in this !
43	bender	shotgun !
43	farnsworth	in each gastro-survival kit , you 'll find a rain slicker , a disposable fun camera , and something to protect you against bacteria .... - a harpoon !
43	bender	yo , old guy . why do we have to use those tiny micro-droids ? ca n't you just shrink us ?
43	farnsworth	oh my no . that would require extrememly tiny atoms . and have you priced those lately ? i 'm not made of money - leave me alone !
43	zoidberg	me next !
43	farnsworth	anyhoo , your net suits will let you experience fry 's worm-infested bowels as if you were actually wriggling through them .
43	zoidberg	there 's no part of that sentence i did n't like .
43	farnsworth	is everyone present ?
43	amy	right on !
43	bender	uh-huh .
43	hermes	definately .
43	zoidberg	yes .
43	farnsworth	heres the plan : we 'll enter the ear , drip down the back of the throat and make for the bowel . there , we 'll irritate the pelvic splachnic ganglion and cause an intestinal spasm , expelling - among other things - the parasites .
43	bender	i 'll tell fry to wash out - among other things - his ear .
43	farnsworth	no , fry ca n't know anything about the mission . if he finds out , the worms will try to defend themselves . they know everything he knows .
43	bender	they know how to make ice cream soup ?
43	farnsworth	leela , your role is to distract fry so he does n't notice what we 're up to .
43	leela	can do !
43	amy	leela , you should really try a facial scrubs , for your pores .
43	leela	look ! a starling !
43	fry	really ?
43	amy	ok professor .
43	fry	what about what ?
43	leela	uh ... what if we go for a walk possibly because it 's such a lovely day , perhaps .
43	fry	i 'd love to !
43	hermes	we got ta get someplace where he wo n't stick his finger !
43	bender	it 's hopeless ! abandon ship !
43	farnsworth	wait , we just have to get past the eardrum !
43	hermes	what are those worms doing to fry 's brain ?
43	hermes	my god ! soon he 'll be smarter than cher !
43	fry	ah , the scent of a rose . curious how an aromatic chain of hydrocarbons can evoke our deepest emotions . for you .
43	leela	that 's such a beautiful thought fry . and what 's more amazing you expressed it without spewing crumbs at me !
43	farnsworth	brace yourselves everyone . we 're entering the interior of fry 's nose !
43	bender	we 're at finger alert five .
43	farnsworth	let 's just pray nothing stimulates the delicate smell receptors . ( whispering ) nobody make a smell .
43	zoidberg	quick ! we can escape through that nasal capillary into the sinus .
43	hermes	strange . usually you do n't know anything about human anatomy .
43	zoidberg	i learned it from a decongestant commercial . ( echoing ) " soothing action , action , action action ... "
43	bender	where are we , the ass ?
43	farnsworth	we 're in the heart . better known as " the love muscle . "
43	zoidberg	where the food is digested .
43	farnsworth	we should be safe , just so long as nothing makes it beat faster .
43	bender	abandon ship !
43	farnsworth	no ! set course for that cholesterol-encrusted valve .
43	zoidberg	it 's good cholesterol but it spreads like bad cholesterol !
43	amy	look ! they 're jazzercising fry 's muscles !
43	hermes	he 'll be as strong and flexible as gumbo and hercules combined !
43	zoidberg	gumbercules ? i love that guy !
43	leela	ugh ! it 's that jerk from the truck stop ! let 's cross the street and try to blend in with that crowd of pimps .
43	fry	i do n't think so . sir , i believe you owe this lady an apology .
43	leela	fry no ! he 's bulging with what could be muscles ! ooo !
43	sal	i gots your apologys right heres ! sorrys ma'am . i 've learnsed a lesson about not ogling cans that i wo n't soons forgets .
43	bender	abandon ship !
43	farnsworth	no , do n't give up now ! we 're but a stones throw from the pyloric sphinchter .
43	bender	hooray !
43	zoidberg	hooray !
43	hermes	we made it !
43	farnsworth	there it is ! the stately capitol of fry 's bowel . a heavily guarded fortress surrounding the pelvic splachnic ganglion .
43	zoidberg	i 've heard of that , who said i have n't ?!
43	farnsworth	if we can stimulate that nerve , the bowel will convulse , expelling the entire worm society .
43	hermes	but what about the worms in the other parts of his body ?
43	farnsworth	listen , this is gon na be one hell of a bowel movement . afterwards he 'll be lucky if he has any bones left !
43	bender	all right , let 's mush some worms !
43	worm mayor	worms to battlestations !
43	leela	i had a great time today . the flowers , the puddle , the way you hurt that guy . but can i ax you something ?
43	fry	anything .
43	leela	why did you do all that stuff ?
43	fry	leela , there 's something i 've wanted to tell you for a long time but every time i try i get nervous and my mouth feels like it 's stuffed with peanut butter , even when it 's not .
43	leela	what is it ? is it about bender ?
43	fry	no , it 's about you and me .
43	leela	and bender ?
43	fry	bender 's not involved . leela ... i love you .
43	leela	you do ?
43	fry	yes . but it 's only recently i 've been able to articulate my thoughts . i love you leela and i always have .
43	leela	fry , that 's the sweetest , most wonderful - wait ! recently ? like since you ate that toilet sandwich ?
43	fry	yeah ! i do n't know why but my life really turned around that day !
43	leela	stay here .
43	waitress	freshen your nocatina ?
43	fry	please ...... i need something to settle my stomach .
43	farnsworth	the nerve is through here . where 's zoidberg ?
43	zoidberg	yippie-ki-yay ! you 'll never guess where i 've been !
43	farnsworth	there it is ! the pelvic splachnic ganglion . tickle it and get ready for the ride of your lives !
43	leela	do n't even think about tickling that ganglion !
43	farnsworth	leela , you 're just in time to help . if we do n't get rid of the worms now , they 'll burrow so deep into the bowel that not even hermes ' famous jerk prunes could dislodge them !
43	hermes	i call it " carribean drain-o " !
43	farnsworth	fry will be stuck with the worms forever .
43	leela	perfect .
43	zoidberg	ouch !
43	amy	i 'm ok .
43	farnsworth	leela you ignorant dope ! now the worms will be in fry forever .
43	leela	so ? did you ever stop to think that fry is better off with worms ?
43	farnsworth	oh that 's stupid !
43	fry	if anyone wants to tell me what 's going on here , i 'll be in the lounge .
43	fry	of all the parasites i 've had over the years , these worms are among the - hell ! they are the best ! leela , how can i ever repay you for saving them ?
43	leela	i 'll think of something .
43	bender	' ello ! what 's all this then ?
43	fry	apartment 1i . the old me would have made a joke about that !
43	leela	i 'm thinking of having a window installed .
43	fry	i think the view 's perfect already .
43	leela	oh , that 's the corniest thing i 've ever heard ! let me show you the bedroom .
43	fry	wait . in a minute .
43	leela	a holophonor ? only a few people in the whole universe can play that . and they 're not very good at it .
43	fry	they do n't have you to inspire them .
43	leela	i do n't have words to say how wonderful you are fry . i have n't felt this happy since double-soup tuesday at the orphanarium .
43	fry	when i 'm with you , everyday seems like double-soup tuesday .
43	leela	oh fry , i love what you 've become .
43	fry	what i 've become .
43	leela	what is it ?
43	fry	there 's just something i have to find out .
43	fry	who controls this bowel ?
43	worm guard #1	who wants to know ?
43	worm mayor	i am the lord mayor of cologne .
43	fry	you mean colon ?
43	worm mayor	state your business !
43	fry	your excellency , have you ever been in love ?
43	worm mayor	no . i thought i was once but then i remember our species reproduces with a cloud of spores .
43	fry	well , a wonderful girl loves me . but i need to know if it 's really me she loves , or just what you worms have made of me . that 's why with all due respect , i 'm asking you to leave .
43	worm mayor	listen you , i was born here . i raised a cloud of children here . my ancestors came over here on the sandwich . no one can make me leave !
43	fry	everyone out of my body or the brain gets it !
43	worm mayor	he 's bluffing . no creature would willingly make an idiot out of itself .
43	fry	obviously you 've never been in love ! ow ! ow ! ow ! now , the hand-eye co-ordination lobe .
43	worm guard #1	stop it man !
43	worm mayor	you 've damaged your brain universe , but no more than a week of binge drinking or five minutes on a cell phone .
43	fry	i was just working my way towards the medulla oblongata - control centre of the heart and lungs . and if i kill myself , you die with me .
43	worm guard #2	wait a minute man !
43	fry	i hope satan has a nice colon , 'cause that 's where you 're gon na be living !
43	worm mayor	stop ! we 'll leave . but one day you 'll be eating a fast-food burger and boom ! you 'll be crawling with us again ! ever wonder what makes special sauce so special ? yo !
43	leela	fry ? i missed you . did you find out what you needed to find out ?
43	fry	i 'm about to . leela , let me play for you one for time .
43	leela	you do n't have to do that . i 'm still seduced from before .
43	fry	please , it 's important to me .
43	leela	what 's that supposed to mean ?
43	fry	i do n't know . i got nervous and started thinking about neck bolts . wow ! did you see that vase break ? it was all like -
43	leela	what 's happened to you ?
43	fry	nothing . i got rid of the worms .
43	leela	what ? why would you do that ?
43	fry	leela , i had worms . i needed to know who you loved . me or them .
43	leela	well ... which of you wrote me that sonnet ?
43	fry	i did . i think . it was probably about 50/50 . but that 's how i really felt about you , i swear !
43	leela	i do n't know .
43	fry	please . give me a chance to be romantic on my own . i 've got a baggy of massage oil , and i 'm gon na give you my super back rub , just like a i used to give amy when i was going out with her , and she always seemed ... - uh-oh !
43	bender	sorry you struck out sausage link . if it 's any consolation , my life is great ! babes ! bucks ! i got it all !
43	fry	well , at least i learned leela 's a lost cause . i give up .
43	bender	there you go ! goodnight . i got ta get up early to go parasailing with movie stars !
44	lincoln	four score and 1145 years ago our forefather 's foreheads conceived a new nation .
44	washington	and this presidents ' day we honoureth those values that my body fought and died for .
44	malfunctioning eddie	values like this brand new plymouth v'ger ! hi , i 'm malfunctioning eddie and i 'm malfunctioning so badly i 'm practically giving these cars away !
44	amy	hey , let 's go car shopping ! my parents promised if i got all b 's they 'd buy me a bar . and i got all c 's !
44	bender	mind if i tag along ? i got ta bring my ass in for servicing . the recall notice says it could burst into flames in a low-speed collision .
44	fry	no wonder you 've been staying at the back of conga lines lately .
44	leela	i 'll get my coat . let 's go , bender .
44	victor	hello , i am victor and i know many things about the art of unloading fine cars on beautiful women .
44	leela	uh-huh . now tell us she 's witty and sophisticated .
44	victor	ah-ah-ah ! a gentleman always sells a lady a car first . this is the beta romeo . yes , the beta romeo . note the cross-your-heart seat belt which protects , lifts and separates .
44	salesman	spotted her the minute you walked in , did n't you , sir ? she 's a real beauty .
44	fry	yup , she 's beautiful coffee alright .
44	salesman	no , the ford thundercougarfalconbird ! nothing makes you feel more like a man than a thundercougarfalconbird . so how much were you thinking of spending on this thundercougarfalconbird ?
44	fry	sorry , i 'm not here to buy .
44	salesman	i understand and it 's wonderful you do n't care whether anyone questions your sexual orientation .
44	fry	i care ! i care plenty ! i just do n't know how to make them stop !
44	salesman	one word : thundercougarfalconbird !
44	victor	the luxurious seats are stuffed with eagle down and the dashboard inlaid with the beaks of a thousand eagles . also , there are some eagles under the floorboards .
44	amy	that 's an awful lot of eagle .
44	victor	yes , and yet --
44	amy	what 's wrong ?
44	victor	it is just , the luxury edition has so much more eagle . it saddens me to think of you missing out .
44	amy	oh , do n't be sad . my parents are paying and they 're incredibly rich .
44	mechanic	i installed shock-absorbing bumpers to reduce the risk of catastrophic butt failure .
44	bender	you , sir , have defaced a national treasure ! i demand you restore my buttocks to their former glory .
44	mechanic	alright . but sooner or later that ass is gon na blow . and when it does , i just pray you 're not moonin ' someone you care about .
44	amy	smeesh , leela ! this car has everything a beautiful woman like me needs . victor said so .
44	victor	( to himself ) no dog food for victor tonight .
44	leela	ok , the sticker says 55,000 but we 'll only go as high as say --
44	amy	60,000 !
44	victor	oh , i will have to ask my manager .
44	leela	amy , you do n't go up from the sticker price .
44	amy	i thought it was an auction .
44	victor	he is not too happy .
44	amy	i 'm sorry . 80,000 ?
44	amy	uh-oh . i 'm terrible at parallel parking .
44	hermes	( from inside ) and now you 're asking for a day off ? get out of my and my sight ! you 're bogarting my patience .
44	leela	hermes . who were you yelling at ?
44	hermes	myself . i asked myself a valentine 's day off . but i was in no mood for any of my shenanigans .
44	fry	valentine 's day 's coming ? oh , crap ! i forgot to get a girlfriend again . well since neither of us has a date , why do n't we ...
44	leela	you just assume i ca n't get a valentine 's date ?
44	fry	shall we say 8 o'clock ?
44	amy	hey , i 'm taking my new car out for a spin to mercury . anybody wan na come ?
44	fry	yeah , ok . what 's the weather like ?
44	amy	the usual : boiling lead , oceans of lava .
44	fry	so , what ? shorts ?
44	fry	boy , this a.c. is incredible ! i 'd better turn on the heater too . ( shouting ) boy , this heater is incredible ! i 'd better turn up the a.c. some more .
44	amy	( shouting ) hey , how about some icy margaritas ?
44	fry	( shouting ) yeah ! we 're slowing down !
44	amy	( shouting ) do n't worry . i 'll hit the fuel guzzler !
44	fry	( shouting ) who wants pop-tarts ? uh-oh !
44	amy	it 's ok , i have an emergency phone .
44	fry	what are you doing ?
44	amy	spluh ! it 's a video-phone . lucky i 'm a member of the astro-afro-antarctico-amer-asian auto association . hello ? septuple-a ?
44	fry	phew !
44	amy	it 'll be a couple hours . oh , i 'm gon na get sweat on my sweat-suit .
44	fry	hey , tell me something : you 've got all this money , how come you always dress like you 're doing your laundry ?
44	amy	i guess 'cause my parents keep telling me to be more ladylike . as though !
44	fry	i 've been there . my folks were always on me to groom myself and wear underpants . what am i , the pope ?
44	amy	yeah , and if you were the pope they 'd be all , " straighten your pope hat , " and , " put on your good vestments " . you know , fry , its nice to find someone i can talk to about stuff , and junk .
44	fry	yeah , it 's like we feel the same way about junk and stuff , or , whatever .
44	amy	so while they 're towin ' us , you wan na do it ?
44	fry	yeah .
44	hermes	which concludes the summary of the movie i saw last night . now , any old business ? any new business ? anyone spend the night together ?
44	amy	yep .
44	fry	kind of .
44	bender	what ?
44	hermes	oh , my god !
44	amy	we ran out of fuel on mercury and one thing led to another .
44	fry	and it led there again when we got home .
44	bender	congratulations , fry , you snagged the perfect girlfriend . amy 's rich , she 's probably got other characteristics .
44	leela	bender ! romance is n't about money .
44	bender	oh , so it 's just coincidence that zoidberg here is desperately poor and miserably lonely ? puh-lease !
44	leela	for your information , it 's because he 's hideous .
44	hermes	well i think amy and fry go together like a lime and coconut .
44	farnsworth	do i hear wedding bells ?
44	fry	what ? no !
44	farnsworth	really ? oh , dear .
44	zoidberg	you 're both very lucky . i 'd pay anything to end my miserable loneliness . if only i were n't so desperately poor .
44	bender	wait . you mean people will pay good money for romance ? hmm . i think i have a scheme so deviously clever that i --
44	judge	$ 500 and time served .
44	bender	stupid anti-pimping laws . well , pay the man !
44	hookerbot	bender , honey , we love you !
44	bender	shut up , baby , i know it !
44	bender	ah , computer dating . it 's like pimping but you rarely have to use the phrase " upside your head " .
44	leela	bender , this is stupid . why would anyone come to you for romantic help ?
44	bender	hey ! do n't make me go upside your head !
44	hermes	( shouting ) fry ! amy ! put your pants back on ; i need a stapler .
44	zoidberg	stop ! stop ! if you interrupt the mating dance the male will become enraged and maul us with his fearsome gonad .
44	fry	( whispering ) it 's working , they think we 're making out . wait , why are n't we making out ?
44	amy	i ' unno .
44	bender	ok , mister ... ?
44	zapp	uh , smith ! zapp smith . uh , brannigan .
44	bender	just check off the things you 're looking for in a love partner .
44	zapp	let 's see ... oh , yes ! yes , definitely . oh , i 'd like some of that . mmm , i 'll just have everything on the menu .
44	bender	now to run it through our high speed romance-a-logical data-fier . say hello to miss right !
44	zapp	( sexfully ) hello !
44	fry	wow ! we 're great kissers !
44	amy	yeah ! hey , later , you wan na drive out to europa ? we could have a picnic and spit watermelon seeds at jupiter .
44	fry	hey , yeah ! i used to spit at stuff back in the 20th century . ah , it 's cool how we sort of think exactly alike , and junk .
44	amy	yeah . y' know , fry , i really like hanging out with you .
44	fry	everything was going great . then all of a sudden , she 's talking about hanging out . hangin out ? she 's getting way too serious . i 'm not a one woman man , leela .
44	leela	you 'll be back to zero soon enough .
44	fry	do n't you get it ? she 's smothering me .
44	amy	hi .
44	fry	you see ? you see ? now she 's bothering me when i 'm at work .
44	leela	fry -- !
44	fry	i 'm doing my job -- there 's amy . i spend a few hours selecting a candy from the machine -- there 's amy . i wake up the morning after sleeping with amy -- there 's amy !
44	leela	i think you 're over reacting .
44	fry	am i ? ( shouting ) am i ? ( talking ) face it , i 'm a prize catch . i mean , i 'm pulling down delivery boy money .
44	leela	fry , she 's pulling down billionaire trust-fund money .
44	fry	then she wants me as a trophy husband . leela , you got ta come to europa with us , i ca n't be alone with her .
44	amy	so , ready for a secluded picnic with just you and me ?
44	fry	hey , you know who loves secluded picnics with just you and me ? uh , dr. zoidberg .
44	zoidberg	did someone say something about a free hot meal ?
44	zoidberg	mmm , i have n't eaten since tuesday ! bird eggs , animal slices ... ... dry woven reeds ! all gone ! can i drive ?
44	amy	no . so , fry , you busy tomorrow ? i got two tickets to the big ape fight .
44	fry	jeez , we 're already planning to spend valentine 's day together . is n't that enough ?
44	amy	ok , sure . what do you wan na do for valentine 's day ?
44	fry	oh , so all of a sudden we 're spending valentine 's day together ?
44	amy	but you just said --
44	fry	that 's it , amy , we have to talk . zoidberg , you drive .
44	zoidberg	wahoo !
44	fry	( from inside ) pardon me , excuse me .
44	zoidberg	ah , i 'll just turn the wheel to maximum fastness !
44	fry	amy , you know how at first you like chocolate but then you start to get tired of it because it always wants to hang out with you ?
44	amy	huh ? you do n't like chocolate ?
44	fry	look , could chocolate just let me finish ?
44	zoidberg	vroom vroom ! and the winner of the big car race is : hot rod zoidberg !
44	fry	amy , what i 'm trying to say is , i think maybe you and i should stop --
44	zoidberg	uh-oh . here , you drive !
44	zoidberg	fry ? are you alright ?
44	fry	ow ! my head is killing me . what happened ? was anybody hurt ?
44	zoidberg	no , no , no , no , no , of course not . nobody but you . i 'm afraid your body was badly damaged in the crash .
44	fry	how badly ?
44	zoidberg	that 's it over there . do n't worry , i managed to keep your head alive with some quick surgery .
44	fry	where is it ?
44	zoidberg	there .
44	amy	looks like we 'll be spending a lot more time together , fry !
44	leela	this sort of thing always happens with office romances .
44	zoidberg	do n't worry , fry , we 'll have your body all fixed up in a few days . upsy daisy !
44	fry	well , amy , i 'll try not to interfere with your life too much .
44	amy	fry !
44	fry	ooh , sorry . i guess i control that arm .
44	amy	so , what was it you wanted to talk about before we crashed anyway ?
44	fry	oh , that . maybe we 'd better talk in private . ( whispering ) i 'll meet you in the closet .
44	fry	amy , i really like you , as a friend . but i think we 're spending too much time together .
44	amy	you 're breaking up with me ?
44	fry	i just think we should start seeing other people .
44	amy	but , i was really having fun . if that 's how you feel .
44	fry	i 'm sorry , but it is .
44	amy	well , whatever . hey , listen , as long as we 're not seeing each other , you mind if i ask someone else out for valentine 's day ?
44	fry	huh ?
44	amy	i mean , unless it would make you feel bad , being a third wheel .
44	fry	hey , i can get a date too . now that i 'm single , i 'll attract all sorts of women !
44	amy	with my body i think you might only attract one sort of woman .
44	fry	( happy ) oh ! ( disappointed ) oh !
44	leela	so , how 's business ?
44	bender	are you familiar with my friend al gore ? i 'm tellin ' ya , losers get really desperate around valentine 's day .
44	leela	yeah , it 's pathetic alright ! how much ?
44	bender	500 bucks .
44	leela	done .
44	bender	zapp brannigan ok ?
44	leela	no !
44	bender	600 .
44	fry	oh , hey , leela , uh , can i talk to you for a minute ? in private ?
44	amy	oh , no problem .
44	fry	this is an emergency . amy made valentine 's plans with some goon and i 'm gon na be stuck there , lonely and miserable . will you be my date , please ?
44	leela	you 're too late , fry . i 'm sharing valentine 's day with a very special man . he 's not zapp brannigan or anything !
44	fry	then i have no choice but to do something so pitiful and embarrassing that i 'm ashamed to tell you about it .
44	leela	bender 's in his office .
44	fry	thanks .
44	bender	i got your hook-up , fry . now my usual fee 's 500 bucks , but seeing as how it 's you , i 'll need it in advance .
44	amy	ok , fry , we 're done putting on the bra .
44	fry	why exactly did you shave your legs anyway ? are you expecting something to happen with your valentine 's date ?
44	amy	what business is it of yours ?
44	fry	and another thing : you 're using an awful lot of make-up there .
44	amy	this is deodorant .
44	fry	what does it do ?
44	amy	( shouting ) c'mon in , gary ! i 'll just be another 20 minutes .
44	gary	( from outside ) i 'll be waiting .
44	fry	20 minutes ? you 're practically ready now !
44	amy	yeah , but it 's good to make them wait a little .
44	fry	oh , god , it 's true !
44	gary	that dress looks great on you .
44	amy	( simultaneously ) thanks .
44	fry	( simultaneously ) thanks . where is she ?
44	gary	i must say , amy , you 're all made up , just like fry 's date . get it ?
44	amy	mm-mm .
44	fry	i 've got a date . she 'll be along any minute .
44	bender	fry , look who i found ! it 's petunia , your dream girl !
44	petunia	how 's them eats ?
44	fry	uh --
44	petunia	do n't mind if i do . kids 'll be hungry .
44	fry	( whispering ) she seems a little old for me .
44	bender	she is well-travelled . and i do n't mean she travels a lot !
44	petunia	wheels fell off my house .
44	bender	now how about a rose for the lady ? five bucks a pop !
44	gary	i 'll take one .
44	fry	oh , yeah ? well i want one too .
44	bender	eight bucks .
44	fry	but you just said --
44	bender	demand suddenly skyrocketed , you all saw it .
44	bender	leela , meets your future husband sal .
44	sal	nice eyeball , eyeball .
44	leela	nice ass , ass .
44	bender	ooh , sparks ! ( whispering ) buy her a rose , i guarantee she 'll put out !
44	sal	eh , i 'll take my chances .
44	zapp	cheers !
44	"woman"	cheers !
44	petunia	so tell me about your prospects . you a good gambler ?
44	fry	well , ma'am i --
44	petunia	what 's your game ? bingo ? keno ? wait a minute ! you do n't have your own body .
44	fry	no , but i control this arm .
44	petunia	slots player , huh ? sorry , but i think i can do better .
44	fry	wait , come back , uh , darling .
44	petunia	ca n't , hon. i got ta catch my bus back to nutley . i 'd kiss you goodnight but i lost my teeth pulling out a stump .
44	sal	so anyways , leela , i 'd love to take a whack at ya but that 10:15 to nutley ai n't goin ' nowheres without yours truly behinds the wheel .
44	petunia	excuse me , did you say " 10:15 to nutley " ?
44	sal	why , yes i dids .
44	leela	( whispering ) bender ! did you just round up our dates at the bus station ?
44	bender	of course not .
44	sal	anybodys else for nutley ?
44	zapp	baby , wait ! you did n't show me your surprise .
44	gary	( whispering ) you know what i 'd like to do ... ?
44	fry	oh , jeez , get a room !
44	gary	maybe later .
44	fry	hey , i have an idea : let 's all go out for ice cream .
44	gary	actually , i thought amy might like to come back to my place for coffee .
44	amy	i do n't really like coffee .
44	gary	neither do i.
44	amy	ooh , i feel a little tipsy !
44	gary	let me pick up the check .
44	fry	nooo ! that 's it i 'm gettin ' the hell outta here . ooh ! ow !
44	leela	why , if it is n't my favourite head on amy 's body : fry .
44	fry	oh , leela !
44	amy	we were just on our way out .
44	leela	nonsense , the evening 's young . so , gary , what do you do for a living ?
44	gary	i 'm a banking industry regulator .
44	leela	really ? y' know i heard that banking industry regulations are really very simple .
44	gary	oh , no , that 's not true . you see , modern banking regulations are a product of five different regulatory traditions . six if you wan na get technical .
44	leela	oh , i do .
44	gary	it all began in 1410 when a number of noblemen convened ...
44	fry	thank you .
44	zoidberg	there you are , good as new . except for your dorsal fin , i 'm afraid i could n't find it after the crash .
44	fry	can i live without it ?
44	zoidberg	if you call that living .
44	farnsworth	i still do n't understand why you would n't let me graft a laser cannon onto your chest . to crush those who disobey you . but i guess we 're just two different people .
44	fry	so , uh , thanks for the ride , amy . and i hope there are no hard feelings about your date , or stuff .
44	amy	it 's ok , i had fun . and if i ever feel lonely i can just look over at this disfiguring scar and think of you .
44	fry	well , anyway , it 's nice to have my own body back .
44	leela	so how 's the old corpse ? everything hooked up ok ?
44	fry	seems to be . my neck 's just a little tender . ow ! cool ! ow ! listen , leela . thanks for rescuing me last night .
44	leela	anytime . i actually enjoyed hanging out with you .
44	bender	yep , everything worked out great thanks to good old bender .
44	leela	come on ! it 's not like you intentionally set us up with bad dates so we 'd spend valentine 's day together .
44	bender	did n't i , leela ? did n't i ?
44	leela	no ! you did n't ! you just corralled a bunch of stiffs at the bus station and pocketed our money !
44	bender	true . but in the end , is n't that what valentine 's day is really all about ?
44	leela	yeah .
44	fry	i guess so . watch the neck ! watch the neck !
44	bender	my ass ! my beautiful ass !
45	farnsworth	good news , everyone . i 've taught the toaster to feel love . and hermes returns from his vacation today .
45	hermes	( monotonous ) good morning , people .
45	fry	hey , hermes !
45	zoidberg	hello !
45	leela	good to see you .
45	farnsworth	yo !
45	bender	my man !
45	amy	so how was the spleef nebula ?
45	hermes	( monotonous ) the flight had a stopover on the brain slug planet . hermes liked it so much he decided to stay of his own free will .
45	fry	hermes has all the fun . wait a second ! he 's got a brain slug on his head !
45	leela	( whispering ) shh ! you 're gon na get us all assimilated !
45	amy	( whispering ) just act normal and switch to a garlic shampoo .
45	hermes	( monotonous ) on to new business . today 's mission is for all of you to go to the brain slug planet .
45	zoidberg	what are we going to do there ?
45	hermes	( monotonous ) just walk around not wearing a helmet .
45	farnsworth	sounds great , hermes ! whatever you say . ( whispering ) let 's ditch him and go to the movies !
45	fry	hey , yeah !
45	zoidberg	i 'm seeing a movie with friends !
45	fry	cool , let 's see this one !
45	leela	nah . i 'm not in the mood for a historical documentary . i 've heard good things about quizblorg , quizblorg .
45	amy	guk ! i hate subtitles . alien films are so pretentious .
45	zoidberg	fellows ! fellows ! how about a film we can all enjoy ? planet of the clams . it 's about an upside-down world where lobster is slave to clam .
45	bender	who invited you ? let 's just see all my circuits : the movie .
45	fry	yeah , i wan na see that .
45	bender	good point , bender .
45	fry	i 'll take a small slurm .
45	refreshment-bot	for only 25 cents less , you can get a super-small .
45	fry	uh , ok . oh , man !
45	bender	hey , gimmie a large diet malt liquor and a popcorn with extra motor oil .
45	farnsworth	down in front !
45	announcer	glagnar 's human rinds presents : this week in the universe .
45	fry	( sarcastic ) ooh , this is real futuristic !
45	crow t. robot	shh ! do n't talk during the movie .
45	announcer	this week in the universe : new new york mayor c. randall poopenmeyer opens a new tube line to alleviate rush hour traffic . dateline : paramecium homeworld . newly-crowned miss universe glady 's lennox entertains troops fighting to wipe out the human race . go get 'em , boys ! and in the world of ultimate robot fighting , the masked unit wins his championship bout against gorgeous gonks by technical melting .
45	bender	( shouting ) go masked unit ! uh , hey , buddy ! yo ! you mind taking your head off ?
45	robot	i 'm sorry , sir , but i need it to watch the movie .
45	bender	just ask flabby over here to describe it to you later .
45	robot	sir , she is as the factory made her .
45	bender	well they should have stopped making her about halfway through .
45	fembot	whee !
45	calculon	well , that finishes this paperwork . calculon enterprises .
45	monique	calculon , a fight scene has broken out at the special effects warehouse . come quickly before a fiery explosion chases someone down a hallway .
45	calculon	i have no choice but to --
45	announcer	if you want calculon to race to the laser gun battle in his hover-ferarri , press 1 . if you want calculon to double-check his paperwork , press 2 . enter now .
45	chair	you have pressed 2 .
45	fry	no i did n't !
45	chair	i 'm almost positive you did .
45	calculon	add in the carryover from form 16a , then deduct line 2b ...
45	robot	pardon me , sir . but you seem to be inadvertently kicking my seat .
45	bender	( mocking ) " pardon me , sir . but you seem to be bleh bleh ... "
45	robot	yes , that 's the gist of what i said . would you mind ?
45	bender	sure thing , pal .
45	robot	uh , sir ?
45	bender	( fake shocked ) who threw that ?!
45	robot	that 's it ! sir , i challenge you to fisticuffs !
45	bender	oh , i 'm boned .
45	hattie	let 's all go to the lobby !
45	robot	i 'm gon na open a pile whup-ass on you !
45	leela	bender , do you know who that was ?
45	man #1	cripes ! the masked unit ! you knocked him out cold .
45	man #2	i 'm impressed .
45	doubledeal	son , i 'm the commissioner of ultimate robot fighting . i 'm a connoisseur of jerks like you who pick fights in movie theatres and you 're the biggest i 've ever seen .
45	bender	you should see me at funerals .
45	doubledeal	kid , i want you in the ultimate robot fighting league .
45	bender	ultimate robot fighting ? sounds pleasant ! i 'll do it .
45	flabby	my hero !
45	farnsworth	aw . they do n't make movies like this anymore .
45	bender	i 'm gon na be the greatest ultimate robot fighter ever . float like a floatbot , sting like an automatic stinging machine !
45	amy	bender , you ca n't be an ultimate robot fighter . it 's the most brutal form of competition in the galaxy !
45	bender	it is ?
45	farnsworth	there are no rules . two robots enter , one robot leaves . then later the other robot leaves after being declared the winner .
45	bender	well , that does n't sound so bad .
45	farnsworth	oh , did i mention the crippling , agonising pain ? i 'm pretty sure i did . oh , yes , definitely .
45	bender	crippling pain ? that 's not covered by my insurance fraud ! count me out .
45	leela	no ! you 've got to do it . i do n't care how suicidal it is .
45	fry	hey ! how come when i wan na do fun stuff that 'll kill me you 're against it ?
45	leela	this is more important than that marble-eating contest , fry ! it 's about pride . let me tell you a story from my childhood .
45	zoidberg	oh , again with the orphanarium !
45	leela	when i was growing up at the orphanarium , i got picked on a lot ...
45	leela	( voice-over ) ... my only outlet was arcturan kung fu .
45	fnog	excellent . bill , keith , you will go to junior championships . bill , congratulate keith when he regains consciousness .
45	leela	but , master fnog , i can beat these dorks with one eye closed .
45	fnog	perhaps . but there is more to winning than beating your opponent . you lack the will of the warrior .
45	leela	what do you mean ? watch this !
45	bill	( crying ) ow !
45	fnog	no girl has the will of a warrior . you have the will of a housewife or , at best , the schoolmarm .
45	leela	that 's it . i 'll take you on right now .
45	fnog	very well . but , you see , i have the will of the warrior . therefore , the battle is already over . the winner ? me ! rematch ? you lose again ! had enough ? i thought so !
45	leela	i lost my chance to be a champion . i wo n't let you throw away yours .
45	bender	leela 's right ! i do n't wan na end up a loser like her . count me back in !
45	leela	let 's see what you got . touch your toes .
45	bender	still ... ca n't ... reach !
45	bender	let 's commence preparations for rumbling !
45	referee	ladies and gentlemen and smizmars , welcome to tonight 's main event . in this corner , from mom 's friendly robot factory in america 's heartland , mexico : bender ! and in this corner , from and made of parts unknown : the clearcutter !
45	fry	( shouting ) bender rules !
45	hermes	( monotonous ) i got you an official bender hat .
45	fry	wow ! thanks , hermes ! i -- hey ! cut that out !
45	bender	you ca n't hit what you ca n't see !
45	leela	get up , bender . you ca n't quit every time you get an axe in the back . or a drill through your face . now quit scratching your axe-hole and get out there .
45	bender	huh ?
45	referee	and the winner is ... bender !
45	doubledeal	nice work out there , kid .
45	bender	y' know , i think i he might be dead . i took a life !
45	clearcutter	hi , boss . yo , dude !
45	bender	hey , he 's not dead . what 's up with that ?
45	doubledeal	what , you did n't read the pamphlet ? ultimate robot fighting 's a scam , kid . it 's rigged . it 's a secret so keep it under your head . but the most popular robot always wins .
45	bender	you mean i 'm not a great fighter ? i just won 'cause i 'm popular ?
45	doubledeal	bingo !
45	bender	woo-hoo ! i 'm popular !
45	doubledeal	in fact , you 're more than popular ; you 're pure lowest common denominator .
45	bender	go bender ! go bender ! go bender !
45	referee	presenting bender the offender !
45	bender	i 'm just an ex-con trying to go straight and get my kids back .
45	referee	versus : billionairebot !
45	referee	versus : the foreigner !
45	foreigner	i 'm not from here ! i have my own customs ! look at my crazy passport !
45	referee	versus : the chain smoker !
45	chain smoker	i love smoking . and after i win the fight i 'm heading straight to your favourite restaurant .
45	bender	you know , i 'm also an ultimate robot lover .
45	leela	bender ! you 're three hours late . you ca n't give up on your training now after both of us worked so hard .
45	bender	what do you mean , " we " ?
45	leela	i said " us " .
45	bender	hey , bender the offender does n't need you . bender the offender does n't need anybody !
45	fembot #1	what about us , mr. the offender ?
45	bender	well obviously i need floozies ! let 's roll !
45	bender	howdy , chief . for my next bout , what do you say i fight these two bimbos in some mud ?
45	doubledeal	actually , we 've decided to go in a different direction .
45	bender	what if i told your we would n't be fighting in the conventional sense ?
45	doubledeal	bender , your popularity is slipping .
45	foreigner	sales of your bender brand french milk bath soaps are down 20 % .
45	bender	those morons ! i said pea berry , not sandalwood !
45	doubledeal	damnit , bender ! if you ca n't move sandalwood , you do n't belong in this league ! that 's why you 're gon na lose next week 's title match .
45	bender	but the crowd loves me .
45	doubledeal	perhaps . but let 's see how they feel about your new persona : the gender bender .
45	billionairebot	you 'll be the most unpopular robot fighter since sergeant faeces processor .
45	bender	oh , yeah ? well what if i do n't let the new guy win ?
45	doubledeal	then he 'll just have to beat you the old-fashioned way : to death ! melissa , send in the new kid .
45	destructor	i am destructor !
45	bender	( squeaky ) see you at the fight .
45	bender	so then i said , " see you at the fight " . and that 's the story .
45	fry	man , i thought ultimate robot fighting was real , like pro wrestling . but it turns out it 's fixed , like boxing .
45	bender	it 's one thing to win a fixed fight -- there 's dignity in that . but to lose ? and in this atrocity ? i ca n't do it ! leela , you got ta train me to win .
45	leela	no way ! if you would n't take my help when you did n't need it , why should i give it to you now when you do need it ?
45	farnsworth	what the hell are you talking about ?
45	leela	i do n't know . but i 'm not helping .
45	announcer	you loved him as bender the offender ! now get ready to hate him as he threatens your sexuality in his new persona ... the gender bender !
45	bender	i 'm a real toughie !
45	announcer	squaring off this sunday versus destructor !
45	destructor	i will destroy you ! and stop calling me !
45	fnog	i am destructor 's trainer , master fnog . my pupil will be victorious for he has the will of a warrior !
45	leela	not fnog ! bender , let 's hit the gym . i 'm gon na teach you to fight like a girl !
45	bender	( determined ) i 'll put on my tutu !
45	"cosell"	hello and welcome to a remarkable championship bout . destructor , a robotic armoured tank whose very use at battle has been ruled a war crime versus , gender bender , who wears a pink tutu . this is rich little imitating howard cosell , here at ringside with george foreman . george , a word in edgewise ?
45	foreman	this could be the most one-sided fight since 1973 when ali faced an 80-foot tall mechanical joe frazier . m-my memory 's not what it used to be but i think the entire earth was destroyed .
45	little	interesting , if true . the vegas odds tonight stand at an unprecedented 1000-0 : a bet of $ 0 on bender pays $ 1000 if he wins . still , very few takers .
45	foreman	it 's not-not a smart bet .
45	leela	according to the script , you 're supposed to prance out and tickle him with your fairy wand . instead , i want you to prance out and kick his head off !
45	bender	got it . large kickle , hold the tickle !
45	hermes	thank god i 'm free of that nightmare !
45	bender	sorry , buddy . here you go !
45	hermes	( monotonous ) thank you . it was cold down there on the floor .
45	amy	here , professor , i got you a programme .
45	farnsworth	oh , good . just let me put on my reading glasses . why , zoidberg , there 's a lovely photo of you in here .
45	referee	in this corner , the confused young robot with the golden curls weighing 525lbs : the gender bender !
45	zapp	boo !
45	nixon	get that hippie out of the ring !
45	referee	and in these two corners , weighing 400 tons , the gizmo from pismo ... beach , destructor !
45	fnog	so , we meet again . most amusing : girl who acts like fighter training fighter who acts like girl .
45	leela	keep laughing , fnog ! ready , bender ?
45	bender	i was born ready ! gimmie the bell ! did you hear a noise ? final boarding call for flight 406 , non-stop service to pain . now boarding standby passengers --
45	foreman	this seems like as good a time as any time to bring up my new grill for no reason . with its patented design , the fat drains directly into my mouth .
45	bender	( weakly ) fry ! throw in the towel ! for god 's sakes , fry !
45	hermes	( monotonous ) that 's exactly what i was thinking .
45	bender	( weakly ) mommy !
45	leela	ok , fnog , that 's enough . call him off . fnog ? hmm .
45	bender	why wo n't anyone help me ?
45	leela	so , once more we meet again .
45	fnog	huh ?
45	leela	you did n't train destructor . you 're just controlling him like a puppet . i mean , cheating in a fake fight . that 's low !
45	fnog	better than being a girl . like you . you 're a girl !
45	leela	( ironic ) oh , right . girls lack the will of the warrior !
45	bender	huh ? it 's bendering time ! take this . and this !
45	fnog	you were an excellent student . too bad i was a lousy teacher !
45	bender	i think you misunderstood the concept of " bendering time " !
45	fnog	see you in girl hell . i 'll be in boy hell -- much nicer !
45	leela	yes !
45	bender	yes ! oh !
45	referee	and the winner is destructor !
45	little	i 've not seen a spectacle of this nature in all my years impersonating a sportscaster .
45	foreman	it sure was some fight . interesting side note : as a head without a body , i envy the dead .
45	little	no argument here .
45	fry	bender ? how did the fight go ? i heard somebody got flattened !
45	amy	fry , where 's your brain slug ?
45	farnsworth	poor little guy starved to death .
45	leela	i 'm proud of you , bender . sure , you lost . you lost bad . but the important thing is i beat up someone who hurt my feelings in high school .
45	bender	i 'm in tremendous pain here .
45	doubledeal	great job , kid . you lost and you made it look almost half real . i want you to have this card good for 10 % off at bed bath &amp; beyond .
45	bender	yes ! i 'm the greatest ! the greatest !
45	little	and so ends the chronicle of one of the greatest ever to play the sport .
45	foreman	and he did n't look half bad in the tutu .
45	little	that he did surely not .
45	foreman	what ?
46	fry	i 've never seen a supernova blow up . but if it 's anything like my old chevy nova , it 'll light up the night sky !
46	bender	yeah , anyone who misses this will regret it for the rest of his life ! hey fry could you go make some popcorn ?
46	fry	ok .
46	fry	let 's go microwave , i 'm in a hurry here ! hm ? hey , what smells like blue ?
46	leela	fry get up here it 's starting !
46	farnsworth	focus !
46	bender	aw no !
46	fry	hey , which crazy thing happening are you guys screaming about ?
46	zoidberg	oooh my head is spinning .
46	fry	ooo my popcorn 's done !
46	fry	aw , it 's less popped than ever .
46	leela	i do n't know what happened but we 've taken on a lot of clocks . let 's get back home .
46	leela	why is there so little traffic around earth ?
46	farnsworth	and what 's this layer of ozone ? that 's never been there before .
46	zoidberg	such noises !
46	leela	oh no ! there 's no global positioning signal ! navigation is failing !
46	fry	we 're gon na crash !
46	leela	not if i can help it ! oh , i guess i ca n't . everyone put on your seatbelts .
46	bender	ah those things cost more lives than they save .
46	fry	bender , are you ok ?
46	bender	i dunno . i 'll try to move my feet .
46	leela	alright , here 's the plan . zoidberg , pick up the pieces . everyone else , take five .
46	zoidberg	and zoidberg picks up another piece , the crowd goes wild !!
46	man	general in all my years of covering top secret discoveries with sheets i 've never dramatically revealed anything as shocking as this . dun-dun-dunnn ! the debris from an alien spaceship !
46	general	son i think i can safely say ( shouting ) whoaaaa !
46	man	as you can see , 1947 is going to be an eventful year for the town of ... roswell , new mexico !
46	farnsworth	remarkable ! according the high precision digital chronograph it 's july 9th 1947 . which would explain why the chronograph has turned into this pin-up calendar .
46	bender	wait a second . you mean we travelled through time ?
46	farnsworth	doy ! some idiot must have put metal in the microwave ...
46	fry	yo !
46	farnsworth	... and the microwave 's radiation combined with the gravitons and graviolis from the supernova blasted us through time itself .
46	leela	have you seen today 's news ?
46	bender	high school gym renovations on schedule ? what a load !
46	leela	no over here ! flying saucer captured !
46	bender	that 's no flying saucer , that 's my ass !
46	fry	my god ! this mean the flying saucer that crashed in roswell ... was ... us !
46	farnsworth	and the alien they captured was ... was ...
46	zoidberg	hello !
46	general	eurgh !
46	zoidberg	so what are you guys doing tonight ? i 'm up for whatever .
46	farnsworth	yes we tore the universe a new space-hole alright ! but it 's clenching shut fast . our only hope of getting back to our own time is to go through it in oh say ...... exactly 24 hours .
46	leela	no problem . the ship 's fixed except for the cup holder and i think i can have that operational within 10 hours .
46	farnsworth	you 've got 8 . but a more urgent concern is the microwave . without a working one we have no hope of returning to the future .
46	leela	well , i 'm sure we can buy a microwave from somewhere around here . meanwhile you guys sneak onto the army base and rescue bender 's body .
46	fry	hey , and while we 're on the base i 'll visit my grandfather enos ! he was stationed at roswell .
46	farnsworth	your grandfather ? stay away from him you dimwitted monkey . you must n't interfere with the past . do n't do anything that affects anything , unless it turns out you were supposed to do it . in which case . for the love of god , do n't not do it !
46	fry	got it .
46	farnsworth	if for example you were to kill your grandfather , you would cease to exist !
46	fry	but existing is basically all i do !
46	general	what is your purpose here ?
46	zoidberg	alright officer i 'll move along .
46	man	what the general means is , why did you come to earth ?
46	zoidberg	not a day goes by i do n't ask myself the same question .
46	sergeant	enos ! private , i want that toilet bowl so clean i could eat off it ! cos i intend to !
46	enos	well gadzooks sarge !
46	fry	it 's him ! it 's my grandfather enos .
46	sergeant	... now prepare my lunch and place it in the latrine at twelve hundred hours !
46	fry	that jeep 's gon na hit him ! and i wo n't exist anymore ! are you crazy ? you almost got yourself run over !
46	enos	i did ? then i sure am lucky you knocked me onto this pile of rusty bayonets !
46	bender	fry ! stop interfering with history ! i do n't wan na have to memorise a lot of new kings when i get back !
46	fry	i had no choice . i was about to not exist . i could feel myself fading away , like greg kinnear .
46	enos	well , thanks soldier . i 'm off to make sarge 's lunch ! handling raw chicken ? it 's part of the job ! mmm ! finger licking good !
46	fry	that 's it ! this place is too dangerous . we 've got ta get you out of here ! everything 's gon na be alright dad !
46	enos	well gadzooks i 'd better ask sarge .
46	fry	no time ! run ! run to safety !
46	man	this food will determine what food , if any , the alien eats .
46	zoidberg	a buffet ! oh if only i had my wallet with me .
46	man	um , it 's free .
46	general	get me the president .
46	leela	fry 's from around this time , i 'll talk like him .
46	leela	yo homes ! we 're looking for a microwave oven .
46	salesman	microwave ? never heard of that brand sweetheart . what you want is the deuluxe gas princess . this baby has four broilers , a gaserrole indicator , a fold out ironing board and down here ... a foot soaking tub . since as a woman you 'll be standing in front of it all day .
46	leela	oh i 'm sorry , now i 'll ax you again : where can we find a mi-cro-wave ?
46	salesman	sir you 're wife 's hysterical . so i 'll address this to you . this oven is lightning fast . it takes only 5 hours to cook a roast .
46	farnsworth	ooo that 's good news ! you know you really do n't cook enough roast leela ! ooo . women !
46	fry	thank god i got you off that dangerour army base !
46	enos	you sure are the helpful type stranger ! say , you got anything to eat in that there lunchbox ? ooo ! snack !
46	bender	hey , that 's my brain ...
46	enos	man , them crackers cut my mouth up somethin' bad ! let 's stop off for a malt !
46	enos	see that waitress there ?
46	fry	yowza ! i know what i want for dessert !
46	enos	that 's my fiance ! mildred .
46	fry	grandma mildred ?! uh , no dessert , just coffee .
46	mildred	okie doke . and for you snuggums ?
46	enos	uh , i 'll have a pie with a fried egg on top .
46	fry	eh she sure is pretty . you ought to marry her and father some children right away !
46	enos	yeah folks say that . but did you ever get the feeling you 're only going with girls cos you 're supposed to ?
46	fry	what ?? do n't ever say or think that again ! please . just concentrate on staying alive ! fire ! look out ! oh ! you almost got neutered .
46	enos	well , it ai n't as bad as getting killed !
46	fry	for me it is ! i 'm getting you out of here !
46	fry	ok , we 're in the middle of nowhere , which is the safest part of nowhere . just stay put and enjoy this calendar .
46	fry	safe and sound ! finally i can continue to exist !
46	man	3 . 2 . 1 .
46	bender	and you are outta here !
46	mildred	what 'll you folks have today ?
46	farnsworth	i 'll have the soylent green , with a slice of soylent orange and some soylent coleslaw .
46	mildred	pardon ?
46	leela	it 's the 20th century professor .
46	farnsworth	oh right ! i 'll have a croque monsieur , the paella , two mutton pills and a stein of mead !
46	leela	i 'll just have a small injection of femislim .
46	mildred	uh , two chilli dogs comin ' up .
46	leela	well , settle in . without a microwave we 're trapped in this time period .
46	farnsworth	oh lord ! we 'll have to endure the horrible music of the big bopper , and then the terrible tragedy of his death .
46	leela	wait a second . there 's a microwave radar dish at the army base . we could steal it !
46	farnsworth	no ! that would alter history . above all else , it is our sacred duty to preserve the past exactly as it was .
46	fry	well , i killed my grandfather .
46	farnsworth	wha ?
46	leela	wait . if you killed your grandfather then why do you stll exist ?
46	fry	i dunno . maybe god loves me .
46	mildred	killed ? in an atomic blast ? no sir , i 'm afraid i do n't take much solace in the fact that the implosion trigger functioned perfectly
46	fry	aww . there there . if it makes you feel any better , his body was vapourised so there 's no chance of him coming back as a zombie .
46	mildred	i 'm not worried about that .
46	fry	then you 're a braver woman than i.
46	mildred	you remind me of enos . would you mind walking me home ?
46	fry	uh , how far is it ?
46	general	welcome to roswell president truman .
46	truman	fellas , this visit 's top secret . no one 's to know about it , except the senior officers , the scientists and a single conspiracy nutter no one will believe .
46	general	mr president , our men have assembled the parts of the alien ship into it 's original design .
46	truman	whistling dixie ! i want this sent to area 51 for study .
46	general	but sir , that 's where we 're building the fake moon landing set .
46	truman	then we 'll really have to land on the moon . invent nasa and tell them to get off their fanny 's !
46	truman	if you come in peace , surrender or be destroyed . if you 're here to make war , we surrender .
46	zoidberg	both good , the important thing is i 'm meeting new people .
46	truman	bushwa ! now what 's your mission ? are you planning on making some sort of alien-human hybrid ?
46	zoidberg	are you coming onto me ?
46	truman	hot crackers i take exception to that !
46	zoidberg	i 'm not hearing a no .
46	truman	nuts to this space crap ! if we want information , we 'll have to do us an old fashioned alien autopsy !
46	zoidberg	hooray !
46	mildred	every little thing reminds me of enos .
46	fry	aww i know how you feel . my grandfather died recently .
46	mildred	it 's all so sad . at times like this , i just need someone to hold me . mmm . you like holding me do n't you ?
46	fry	hey , you know what always cheers you up ? baking me a nice tray of sugar cookies !
46	mildred	how ' bout these cookies sugar ?
46	fry	i should n't be here . i should n't even exist . but i do which proves ... you ca n't really be my grandm -
46	leela	eurgh !
46	farnsworth	what the hell have you done fry ?
46	fry	relax ! she ca n't be my grandmother ! i figured it all out .
46	mildred	come back to bed deary !
46	fry	it 's impossible ! i mean , if she 's my grandmother , who 's my grandfather ?
46	mildred	did you say something deary ? i 'm a bit hard of hearing .
46	doctor #2	heart .
46	zoidberg	take , i 've got four of them .
46	doctor #1	stomach contents : one deviled egg .
46	zoidberg	deviled egg ?
46	doctor #1	the same deviled egg .
46	leela	snap out of it !
46	farnsworth	start the ship leela . let 's just steal the damned radar dish and get back to our own time !
46	fry	but ... but wo n't that change history ?
46	farnsworth	oh a lesson in not changing history from mr i 'm - my-own-grandpa ! let 's get the hell out of here already ! screw history !
46	conspiracy nutter	ufo ! ufo !
46	zoidberg	hey do n't cut that ! i need that to speak !
46	doctor #2	oh my !
46	truman	sweet roosevelt 's ghost !
46	leela	heyya ! ya ! ya !
46	fry	take this mr president , sir !
46	zoidberg	the president is gagging on my gas bladder ! what an honour !
46	farnsworth	huh wha ? oh right !
46	sergeant	enos !
46	fry	he 's dead , sorry .
46	fry	yay !
46	farnsworth	choke on that causality !
46	bender	1947 can kiss my shiny metal ...
46	fry	turn around . we 've got ta go back for bender !
46	farnsworth	impossible . the supernova timehole is closing ! if we do n't leave now , we 'll never get back to the 31st century !
46	fry	bendeeeeer !
46	zoidberg	there , good as new !
46	leela	do n't you need this one ?
46	zoidberg	oh no ! that 's my ... gotcha !
46	fry	oh , poor bender . he must be so lonely right now . trapped a thousand years in the past . hey ! wait a second !
46	leela	anything ?
46	fry	no . wait !
46	bender	ow ! stupid junk !
46	fry	he 's alive ! bender . what was it like lying in that hole for a thousand years ?
46	bender	i was enjoying it until you guys showed up .
46	farnsworth	well , now everything is back as it was . and if history does n't care that out degenerate friend fry is his own grandfather , then who are we to judge ?
46	bender	amen !
47	man	( voice-over ) space . it seems to go on and on forever . but then you get to the end and the gorilla starts throwing barrels at you .
47	fry	and that 's how you play the game !
47	kid	you stink , loser !
47	panucci	hey , fry . pizza goin ' out ! c'mon !!
47	fry	michelle , baby ! where you going ?
47	michelle	it 's not working out , fry . i put your stuff out on the sidewalk !
47	fry	i hate my life i hate my life i hate my life .
47	bike thief	happy new year !
47	fry	hello ? pizza delivery for ...... icy wiener ?! aw , crud ! i always thought at this point in my life i 'd be the one making the crank calls ! here 's to another lousy millennium .
47	crowd	ten !
47	crowd	neuf !
47	crowd	otto !
47	crowd	sabaa !
47	crowd	eksi !
47	crowd	wu !
47	crowd	chaar !
47	crowd	thathu !
47	crowd	wu !
47	crowd	one !
47	fry	what the ?
47	fry	my god ! it 's the future . my parents , my co-workers , my girlfriend . i 'll never see any of them again . yahoo!
47	man	( dramatically ) welcome to the world of tomorrow !
47	lou	why do you always have to say it that way ?
47	terry	have n't you ever heard of a little thing called showmanship ? ( dramatically ) come , your destiny awaits !
47	lou	have a nice future .
47	fry	cool ! just like in star trek ! ow !
47	woman	good afternoon , sir . name ?
47	fry	uh , fry .
47	woman	i 'm leela . now it 's new year 's eve so i 'd like to decide your fate quickly and get out of here .
47	fry	can i ask you a question ?
47	leela	as long as it 's not about my eye .
47	fry	uh ...
47	leela	is it about my eye ?
47	fry	sort of .
47	leela	just ask the question .
47	fry	what 's with the eye ?
47	leela	i 'm an alien , alright ? now let 's drop the subject .
47	fry	cool , an alien ! has your race taken over the earth ?
47	leela	no , i just work here .
47	fry	wait a minute ! is that blimp accurate ?
47	leela	yep . it 's december 31st 2999 .
47	fry	my god , a million years !
47	leela	i 'm sure this must be very upsetting for you .
47	fry	y' know , i guess it should be but actually i 'm glad . i had nothing to live for in my old life . i was broke , i had a humiliating job and i was beginning to suspect my girlfriend might be cheating on me .
47	leela	well , at least here you 'll be treated with dignity . now strip naked and get on the probulator .
47	leela	interesting . your dna test shows one living relative . he 's your great great great great great great great ...
47	leela	... great great great great great nephew .
47	fry	that 's great ! what 's the little guy 's name ?
47	leela	professor hubert farnsworth .
47	fry	eurgh !
47	fry	y' know , i 'm the luckiest guy in the whole future . i 've been given a second chance and this time i 'm not going to be a total loser . what 's that ?
47	leela	your permanent career assignment .
47	fry	delivery boy ? no ! not again ! please ! anything else !
47	leela	take your hands off me ! you 've been assigned the job you 're best at just like everyone else .
47	fry	what if i refuse ?
47	leela	then you 'll be fired ...
47	fry	fine !
47	leela	... out of a cannon into the sun !
47	fry	but i do n't like being a delivery boy .
47	leela	well that 's tough ! lots of people do n't like their jobs but we do them anyway . you got ta do what you got ta do ! now hold out your hand , i 'm gon na implant your career chip . it 'll permanently label you as a delivery boy .
47	fry	keep that thing away from me !
47	leela	hold still , damnit . i do n't have good depth perception ! you 've got until the count of five to let me out of here . one ...
47	fry	see you in a thousand years ! you owe me one .
47	fry	whoa !
47	man #1	jfk jr. . airport .
47	fry	cool ! um . cross town express ?
47	man #2	pft ! tourist !
47	fry	hey ! a phone booth ! i can call my nephew . wow , a real live robot ! or is that some kind of cheesy new year 's costume ?
47	robot	bite my shiny metal ass .
47	fry	it does n't look so shiny to me .
47	robot	shinier than yours , meatbag !
47	robot	listen , buddy , i 'm in a hurry here . let 's try for a twofer !
47	booth voice	please select mode of death : " quick and painless " or " slow and horrible " .
47	fry	yeah , i 'd like to place a collect call .
47	booth voice	you have selected : " slow and horrible " .
47	robot	great choice ! bring it on , baby !
47	robot	c'mon , c'mon ! kill me already ! by the way , my name 's bender !
47	fry	help ! what 's happening ?
47	booth voice	you are now dead . thank you for using stop-n-drop , america 's favourite suicide booth since 2008 .
47	bender	lousy stinking rip-off ! well i did n't have anything else planned for today . let 's go get drunk !
47	leela	... two , three -- hey !
47	terry	( dramatically ) welcome to the world of tomorrow !
47	leela	shut up , terry .
47	ipgee	this is unacceptable , leela . you must find this mr. fry and install his chip .
47	leela	look , he 's just a nobody who does n't want to be a delivery boy . i 'd really rather not force it on him .
47	ipgee	well that 's your job , whether you like it or not and it 's my job to make you do your job whether i like it or not - which i do - very much ! now get to work ! life is good !
47	fry	why would a robot need to drink ?
47	bender	i do n't need to drink , i can quit anytime i want ! so they made you a delivery boy , huh ? man , that 's as bad as my job .
47	fry	really ? what do you do bender ?
47	bender	i 'm a bender . i bend girders , that 's all i 'm programmed to do .
47	fry	you any good at it ?
47	bender	you kidding ? i was a star ! i could bend a girder to any angle : 30 degrees , 32 degrees , you name it ! ( unsure ) 31 . ( normal ) but i could n't go on living once i found out what the girders were for .
47	fry	what ?
47	bender	suicide booths ! well , fry , it was a pleasure meeting you , i 'm gon na go kill myself .
47	fry	wait ! you 're the only friend i have !
47	bender	you really want a robot for a friend ?
47	fry	yeah , ever since i was six .
47	bender	well , ok . but i do n't want people thinking we 're robo-sexuals , so if anyone asks , you 're my debugger .
47	fry	oh , no , it 's the cyclops ! do n't look ! do n't look !
47	bender	i 'm not looking !
47	leela	this is officer 1b-di requesting back-up .
47	smitty	we 'll be there in five minutes .
47	bender	we can hide in here , it 's free on tuesdays .
47	nimoy	welcome to the head museum . i 'm leonard nimoy .
47	fry	spock ? hey ! do the thing !
47	nimoy	i do n't do that anymore .
47	fry	this is unbelievable ! what do you heads do all day ?
47	nimoy	we share our wisdom with those who seek it . it 's a life of quiet dignity .
47	woman	feeding time !
47	leela	hmm .
47	leela	i 'm sorry , fry , but i have to install your career chip .
47	fry	yeah , well , if you 're sorry why are you doing it ?
47	leela	it 's my job . you got ta do what you got ta do !
47	leela	watch it !
47	nixon	that 's it ! you just made my list !
47	fry	ow ! stoppit ! down boy ! bad president !
47	smitty	alright , buddy , step away from the head !
47	url	i 'm gon na get 24th century on his ass !
47	leela	please , officers , there 's no need to use force .
47	url	let us handle this , weirdy .
47	leela	oh , come on , he 's just a poor kid from the stupid ages .
47	smitty	keep your big nose out of this , eyeball !
47	leela	no-one makes fun of my nose .
47	url	damn !
47	leela	you guys were totally out of control .
47	smitty	it 's our job . we 're peace officers .
47	url	yeah , you know the law : you got ta do what you got ta do .
47	bender	oh , we 're trapped !
47	fry	wait a second . you 're a bender , right ? we can get out of here if you just bend the bars .
47	bender	dream on , skin tube . i 'm only programmed to bend for constructive purposes . what do i look like , a de-bender ?
47	fry	who cares what you 're programmed for . if someone programmed you to jump off a bridge would you do it ?
47	bender	i 'll have to check my program ... yep .
47	leela	open up !
47	fry	c'mon , bender ! it 's up to you to make your own decisions in life . that 's what separates people and robots from animals ... and animal robots .
47	bender	you 're full of crap , fry ! you make a persuasive argument , fry .
47	fry	come on , bender ! you can do it .
47	bender	ca n't ... i. . . ca n't ... do ... it !
47	fry	yes !
47	bender	you were right , fry ! from now on i 'm going to bend what i want , when i want , who i want ! i 'm unstoppable !
47	fry	i do n't know how you did that .
47	leela	wait !
47	bender	( shouting ) no , thanks .
47	bender	looks like one of us will have to bend this grate .
47	fry	good lord ! what is this ?
47	bender	it 's the decaying ruins of old new york . welcome home , pal !
47	fry	its my old neighbourhood . man , this brings back a lot of memories .
47	bender	keep 'em to yourself , pops .
47	fry	this is where i brought my girlfriend on our very first date .
47	fry	my god ! she 's gone . everyone i ever knew or cared about is gone .
47	bender	wait ! there 's someone you know !
47	fry	oh , ca n't you leave me alone ? i 'm miserable enough already .
47	leela	look , i know it 's not much consolation but i understand how you feel .
47	fry	no , you do n't . i 've got no home , no family ...
47	bender	no friends .
47	fry	... my whole world is gone . you ca n't possibly understand what it feels like to be so alone .
47	leela	i understand . i 'm the only one-eyed alien on this whole planet . my parents abandoned me here as a baby and i do n't even know what galaxy they were from . i know how it feels to be alone .
47	fry	look , leela , i do n't understand this world but you obviously do , so i give up . if you really think i should be a delivery boy , i 'll do it . your chip . what are you doing ?
47	leela	quitting .
47	fry	why ?
47	leela	because i 've always wanted to . i just never realised it before i met you .
47	fry	what is the matter with you ?
47	bender	i just wanted to be part of the moment .
47	leela	hey , he stole my ring !
47	bender	sorry . well , that solves the mystery of the missing ring . this calls for a drink .
47	leela	i do n't wan na spoil the party but we 're all job deserters now . we 're unemployed and we have nowhere to go .
47	fry	correction . we 're unemployed but we have a doddering old relative to mooch off of .
47	clark	hello , i 'm dick clark 's head . welcome to a special year 3000 edition of new year 's rockin ' eve !
47	farnsworth	who are you ?
47	fry	i 'm your dear old uncle fry .
47	farnsworth	i do n't have an uncle fry .
47	bender	you do now !
47	farnsworth	by god , i am your nephew ! this is absolutely incredible !
47	bender	can we have some money ?
47	farnsworth	oh , my , no .
47	farnsworth	let me show you around . that 's my lab table and this is my work-stool . and over there is my intergalactic spaceship ! and here 's where i keep assorted lengths of wire .
47	fry	whoa ! a real live spaceship !
47	farnsworth	i designed it myself . let me show you some of the different lengths of wire i used .
47	smitty	attention , job deserters ! come out with your hands up . we have you partially surrounded .
47	fry	no !
47	nixon	get those bums !
47	bender	well , we 're boned !
47	leela	ca n't we get away in the ship ?
47	farnsworth	i suppose it is technically possible . though i am already in my pyjamas .
47	fry	i 'll get us out of here .
47	farnsworth	can anyone drive stick ?
47	leela	i can . as long as i do n't have to parallel park .
47	url	if they try to take off , give 'em an ass-ful of laser .
47	leela	prepare for lift-off . ten .
47	crowd	nine !
47	crowd	amania !
47	crowd	seven !
47	aliens	( in alien ) six .
47	terry	( dramatically ) five !
47	nimoy	four .
47	farnsworth	three .
47	bender	two .
47	leela	one !
47	fry	blast-off !
47	nixon	fire ! fire !
47	smitty	i ca n't see nothing . pretty though !
47	fry	so i guess without jobs , we 'll be fugitives forever .
47	farnsworth	not necessarily . are you three , by any chance , interested in becoming my new spaceship crew ?
47	bender	new crew ? w-what happened to the old crew ?
47	farnsworth	of those poor sons of -- but that 's not important . the important thing is i need a new crew . anyone interested ?
47	fry	yes ! yes ! that 's exactly the job i 've always wanted !
47	leela	thanks for the offer , professor , but we do n't have the proper career chips .
47	farnsworth	oh , that wo n't be a problem . as luck would have it i saved the chips from my previous crew .
47	fry	this is awesome ! are we gon na fly through space fighting monsters and teaching alien women to lurve ?
47	farnsworth	if by that you mean " transporting cargo " then yes . it 's a little home business i started to fund my research .
47	fry	cool ! what 's my job gon na be ?
47	farnsworth	you will be responsible for ensuring that the cargo reaches its destination .
47	fry	so , i 'm gon na be a delivery boy ?
47	farnsworth	exactly !
47	fry	alright ! i 'm a delivery boy !
48	farnsworth	oh lord . hiking is always such a strain on the buttocks .
48	fry	shh ! what was that sound ?
48	bender	it was n't a bird 's nest falling . that sounds like this . aww , they 're so cute when they 're scared !
48	fry	i meant the sound bigfoot just made . he 's been sighted a lot in this area recently . just last week a blind hiker felt him !
48	farnsworth	do n't tell me you actually believe in bigfoot you blathering ninny-hammer !
48	fry	of course i do ! bigfoot 's my hero . growing up , he was the celebrity i most identified with .
48	zoidberg	why ?
48	fry	'cause he was a loner who hated the popular monsters yet longed to be one .
48	zoidberg	( sadly ) i can so relate to that .
48	leela	ugh , enough emotions ! this is n't a fat camp for god sake . ( quietly ) though you would n't know it from looking .
48	bender	ahh !
48	zoidberg	bender , if you want to sleep in the tent tonight , you 're welcome to join me and hermes for a little " just friends " spooning .
48	bender	nah , i 'm comfy out here under the stars . real comfy !
48	ranger park	hey i 'm ranger park the park ranger .
48	fry	i get it !
48	ranger park	now since this area 's a national bigfoot reserve we 'll start with a short film about bigfoot while i make a few phonecalls .
48	fry	that proves it !
48	ranger park	it should say " top quality exercycle for sale " and could you put " top quality " in bold ... ? you ca n't ? ok whatever .
48	ranger park	i-i got ta call you back . alright , questions ?
48	sal	yeah . have yous ever seens bigfeet ?
48	ranger park	technically no . but i do see him each night in my dreams and each day in the silent faces of hairy children .
48	farnsworth	( shouting ) bunk ! bunk i say ! bring me a bag full of bigfoot 's droppings or shut up !
48	farnsworth	shut up !
48	bender	oh my god its bigfoot !
48	ranger park	where ?
48	bender	eh he 's gone . he says you should keep wasting your life though .
48	petunia	oh ! i saw bigfoot crushing cars at the county fair !
48	ranger park	what you saw was bigfoot the monster truck . but thanks for a great question .
48	petunia	ohh ...
48	fry	sir , if i may , why do n't you set up like a billion video cameras in the woods and see if he walks by one .
48	ranger park	ah , that would be very expensive . and most people who believe in bigfoot are broke .
48	bender	hey look ! bigfoot ! he 's back !
48	ranger park	where ?
48	bender	up your face ! everybody do the bender !
48	amy	the sky out here is amazing . look at all those satellites .
48	farnsworth	goodnight employess .
48	hermes	goodnight .
48	zoidberg	goodnight hubert .
48	fry	you doin ' alright out there buddy ?
48	bender	better than these gnats ! that guy wo n't be goin ' home to his kids !
48	bender	who 's that ? a wolf ? or some kind of boogen ? oh god i wish i was safe inside a tent . ( deep voice ) fry , fry wake up ! it 's me ! bigface !
48	fry	bigfoot ? bigfoot ?
48	fry	bigfoot ? is that you ? i 'm not like the others bigfoot . i see through your monster coatings to the gentle loner inside . i bet you have a wounded racoon friend that you tenderly nurse back to health and go ...... and in the end they shoot you . but you teach us about things . oh , it 's a flying saucer . ( shouting ) excuse me ? you ca n't park here . the parking area 's over there . wow nice tube ! hey . hey what 's the big idea ? stop abducting me . why does your vanity plate say " probe 1 " ?
48	leela	there 's nothing so refreshing as the clean , crisp taste of old canadian beer !
48	hermes	well , see you in an hour . i got ta go do some business behind that tree .
48	amy	bender , was n't that fry 's tent ?
48	leela	bender raises a good point , where is fry ?
48	fry	amy , you wo n't believe what happened ...... it was so scary that you would n't - i know but listen it gets even scarier .
48	farnsworth	fry ! what in sega genesis happened to you ?
48	fry	that 's what i 'm trying to tell you . see - why are you all staring at me like that ? is there something on my face ?
48	hermes	uh ... no .
48	leela	someone should tell him .
48	fry	tell me what ?
48	leela	nothing .
48	zoidberg	well i have a lot of experience telling patients bad news so , let me break it to him gently . ( shouting ) fry you have no nose ! your nose is gone ! you have no nose on your face ! where it is i ca n't say but on your face it 's not !
48	fry	what ?
48	bender	aww , i think it 's sweet ! you chopped off your nose so you could look more like your hero . me , bender !
48	farnsworth	which last night ?
48	fry	in the woods , i was walking . for bigfoot , looking and then aliens beamed me up .
48	amy	were they little grey dudes with big oval heads ? i do n't get that gesture . am i wrong ?
48	zoidberg	cheer up friend . when we get home a high quality prosthesis will have you looking good as new .
48	fry	i 'm a pathetic freak . my life is ruined .
48	hermes	man , you are such a jokester !
48	fry	i 'll never have another moment of happiness .
48	leela	i know you 're trying to mask your pain with humour but do n't worry . i 'm sure the professor can clone you a new nose .
48	farnsworth	well there 's no sense fretting . good lord you 're ugly ! the fact is your nose is gone and we 'll never find out who did it or why .
48	bender	( gasping ) guys , guys ! there 's something on television .
48	linda	alien abductions : until now , a harmless nuisance . but recently they 've taken on a sinister dimension as unsuspecting victims are returned ... without noses !
48	fry	like me !
48	morbo	the culprits : shameless poachers , hunting humans without a permit .
48	linda	the valuable nose or " human horn " fetches a high price on alien worlds as an aphrodisiac .
48	fry	my nose is an aphrodisiac ? i 'm gon na drop a barf !
48	morbo	demand for human horn is great . due in part to titilating scenes from depraved alien tv programmes too filthy for earth broadcast . let 's watch .
48	fry	blech ! we have to track down my nose before some alien snarfs it and does the worm . who 's in ?
48	leela	me and bender and maybe zoidberg if he feels like it .
48	zoidberg	no i 'm good .
48	alien	lets see , i 'll have a pancreas , two sphincters and a large colon .
48	fry	it 's no use . we 've been to ever scuzzy bazaar in the galaxy , including pottery barn .
48	leela	wait , what 's that ?
48	salesman	welcome friends . how may i pervert you ?
48	fry	uh , i 'm looking for human horn .
48	salesman	( whispering ) shh ! you 're not cops right ?
48	leela	of course not . in fact he 's a crook .
48	bender	yep . stolen pez anyone ?
48	salesman	right this way .
48	salesman	human horn . so fresh you can still see the eyeglass marks .
48	fry	nope , uh-uh , eww ! now look , this is the nose we want . did you sell it to somebody ?
48	salesman	i 'm sorry sir but due to the perverted nature of our business , customer records are strictly confidential . right this way .
48	salesman	i video tape everyone who comes in here so i can blackmail them later . hey , i 'm a porno dealing monster , what do i care what you think ? here 's the weirdo who bought your horn .
48	leela	that 's lrrr ! ruler of the planet omicron persei 8 !
48	lrrr	you got any uh , you know ...
48	salesman	speak up ! you 're muttering !
48	lrrr	i said uh ... ( whispering ) human horn ?
48	lrrr	oh no no , i 'm just some guy . ruler of the planet omicron persei 8 !
48	lrrr	so let me get this straight : if i buy eight caramello bars , you all get to go to some camp .
48	bender	yep . that 's exactly the lie we used to get past your guards .
48	fry	oh great space king . i humbly beg you to return my human horn .
48	lrrr	uh , human horn ? how ridiculous ! why would virile male like lrrr need human horn ? i do n't even know what it 's for . what is it , something you-you put in salad dressing ?
48	nd-nd	like you 've ever seen a salad .
48	lrrr	my weight is appropriate and attractive !
48	leela	whoa , you guys have issues !
48	lrrr	she has issues ! i 'm fine ! but there 's no human horn around here so , make friends with the door .
48	fry	( sadly ) alright . i give up . i guess i 'll just go home and marry a skunk .
48	nd-nd	oh let 's just give it to him . here .
48	fry	my nose ! light of my face !
48	lrrr	uh , what is that ? how do you have that nd-nd ? i 've never seen it before . my friend left it here .
48	leela	hold still fry . i can reattach it with my emergency face laser .
48	fry	hey ! you burned my cheek !
48	leela	yeah sorry i was n't really concentrating .
48	fry	no i mean the singed flesh , i can smell it ! those lilacs on the table .
48	lrrr	at least someone noticed .
48	nd-nd	for the last time i do n't like lilacs ! your first wife was the one who liked lilacs .
48	lrrr	she also liked to shut up !
48	fry	well , great seeing you , i guess we 'll be on our -
48	bender	yo , highness ! uh , just out of robo-curiosity , why would you use a guy 's nose for an aphrodisiac instead of his ... you know ... wing dang doodle ?
48	lrrr	but i thought the horn was the human wing dang doodle ?
48	bender	no sir-chee ! the main event , so to speak , is downstairs near the wallet . ever seen soccer players line up to block a free kick ? they ai n't covering their noses i 'll say that much ! well , seeya !
48	lrrr	interesting . the trousers conceal a tiny secondary horn .
48	fry	hey , what 've you heard ?
48	lrrr	( shouting ) guards ! seize him ! prepare to harvest the lower horn !
48	fry	ok , you can have my nose .
48	lrrr	guards !
48	guard #1	yeah ?
48	lrrr	remove the human 's lower horn and prepare it to be eaten by me .
48	nd-nd	in other words slop a lot of ketchup and salt on it !
48	lrrr	then bring it to our royal bedchamber and put it in the sock drawer with all the other things that have failed to arouse my passion for this woman .
48	guard #2	remove pants !
48	fry	wait ! i 'm usually the first guy to toot my own lower horn -
48	bender	( shouting ) i 'll say !
48	fry	but in this case i just do n't think it 'll do any good .
48	bender	( shouting ) that 's what she said !
48	leela	let 's face it . you two have deep relationship problems that ca n't be solved by an aphrodisiac .
48	fry	however huge it might be .
48	nd-nd	so what do you suggest , painfully single human ?
48	leela	well , why do n't you think back to what brought you together in the first place ?
48	nd-nd	ohh i do n't know . lrrr used to be so tender .
48	lrrr	i only wrote that poem to test my printer .
48	nd-nd	we 'd go walking in the woods and lrrr would find injured little tinkle-bunnies and nurse them back to health .
48	lrrr	yes but i 'm the one who injured them !
48	nd-nd	oh shush . you stepped on them by accident and then you cried all night . that 's the kind of sensitive man you used to be .
48	lrrr	and you used to wear a size-3 cape . ( shouting ) but not anymore ! now bring me that lower horn while i 'm still in the mood .
48	fry	wh-what if we helped you get your passion back without the hassle of mutilating me ?
48	leela	yeah , we know a great place in the mountains . we could take you there for a romantic dinner under the stars .
48	nd-nd	hmm , sounds interesting . but he would never do it .
48	lrrr	like hell i would n't . i 'm not gon na be blamed for not going !
48	fry	then it 's a deal . we get one night . i keep my horn as long as you two end up doing the horizontal monster mash .
48	bender	i do n't get it !
48	bender	bonjour . may i offer you a box of wine for the edge of the table ?
48	lrrr	no thanks . just water please . tap water !
48	nd-nd	( sarcastic ) oh big spender !
48	lrrr	( shouting ) that 's it , this date is over ! waiter !
48	fry	so , what can i get you this evening ?
48	lrrr	your lower horn !
48	fry	i 'll just start you off with some bread . some sexy , arousing bread !
48	lrrr	fine but none of that whole-grain goat food ! and bring plenty of melted butter .
48	nd-nd	why do n't you just inject some fat straight into your ass and cut out the middle man !
48	lrrr	one of these days nd-nd , bang , zoom , straight to the third moon of omicron persei 8 !
48	lrrr	mmm , this jerked chicken is good ! i think i 'll have fry 's lower horn jerked .
48	bender	( shouting ) it 's used to it !
48	fry	so uh , how are you two sneaky poopums doing ?
48	nd-nd	poorly .
48	lrrr	my wife is right for once . there is very little magic in the air . ready the lower horn transport vessel .
48	bender	boy , who knew a cooler could also make a handy wang coffin ? hey , uh mind if i stick these in here ?
48	guard #1	go for it .
48	leela	do n't worry fry . things look bad but i still have a trump card . the most beautiful love song ever written . ( singing badly ) and i will always love you ...... will always love you ...
48	nd-nd	the humans are attacking .
48	lrrr	pluck the lower horn and let 's get out of here !
48	bender	quick fry , run for it !
48	fry	come on freedom cage ! roll me to safety ! yes ! i never thought i 'd escape with my doodle , but i pulled it out !
48	bender	( shouting ) just like at the movie theatre !
48	lrrr	give me that !
48	fry	bigfoot ! he 's real ! i knew it . the loch ness monster 's book was right !
48	lrrr	well , hello there my furry friend .
48	nd-nd	look at his adorable little feet . yes you are a cutie-pie .
48	ranger park	holy macaroni ! i ca n't believe i 'm seeing bigfoot ! he 's in focus ! oh i 've waited my entire life for this moment !
48	bender	what are you doing with that ?
48	lrrr	you 're going to kill this innocent giganto ?
48	ranger park	of course not . i 'm just gon na tranquilise him so i can chop off his feet as proof he exists . then dump him back in the wild . he 'll do fine .
48	lrrr	you 'll have to get through me first .
48	ranger park	ok , nighty nght .
48	lrrr	now leave this gentle sasquatch - or wood ape - in peace so i can finally and at long last harvest this pathetic human 's lower horn .
48	fry	yeah !
48	lrrr	wait . what am i saying ? if i poach this beast 's lower horn , am i any better than that ranger with his demented foot lust ? yes . but not by enough .
48	ranger park	score !
48	lrrr	this human 's lower horn is one of god 's creatures , a living thing . and all living things , large and small ...
48	bender	( shouting ) in this case " small " !
48	lrrr	... have diginity . and a spark of divine .
48	nd-nd	that 's the gentle sensitive poet warlord i fell in love with !
48	lrrr	( shouting ) uh , you 'll wan na retreat to a safe , 500 metre radius !
48	leela	well fry , it looks like you get to hold onto your lower horn .
48	bender	as usual ! ( shouting ) run away !
48	scientist	i have combined the dna of the world 's most evil animals , to make the most evil creature of them all .
48	man	it turns out it 's man .
49	farnsworth	pazuzu you ungrateful gargoyle ! i put you through college and this is how you repay me ?
49	farnsworth	let 's get this gargoyle hunt on the road . driving gloves , driving goggles . driving thong . there .
49	leela	uh , maybe i should drive .
49	farnsworth	you ? a woman ? i 'm trying to catch a monster not find the quickest route to the mall ! let me just adjust the seat .
49	fry	my god , he 's gon na do it ! everybody , seatbelts to maximum buckling .
49	randy	hey grandpa , move your wrinkly old kiester !
49	leela	for heaven 's gate professor this ship can do 99 % light speed . why are we going at 35 miles an hour ?
49	farnsworth	because we 're in a hurry that 's why .
49	leela	plus you have the highbeams on !
49	bender	yo , captain cateracts , what are we doing here ?
49	farnsworth	oh it 's 2:30 , we can still catch the early bird dinner special .
49	fry	uh , are n't we looking for your gargoyle ?
49	farnsworth	my wha ?
49	farnsworth	hello mavis ! surprised to see me back again so soon ?
49	wanda	mavis is dead .
49	farnsworth	i expect you 'll want to see my angry crotchety grandpa discount card !
49	wanda	sir this card is expired .
49	farnsworth	but it 's good for a lifetime .
49	wanda	well yours expired .
49	leela	oh lord ! teeth do not belong in your pants professor .
49	farnsworth	well i ca n't keep them in my mouth . they 're nuclear powered !
49	fry	ow ! it bit me !
49	leela	no ! no ! it 's tasted human blood !
49	farnsworth	mmm ! damn good meat !
49	leela	professor we 've talked it over and everyone thinks you 're too old .
49	amy	right on .
49	fry	yup .
49	bender	uh huh !
49	hermes	we 've decided to do the merciful thing and have you youthasized .
49	farnsworth	dear god no !
49	amy	oh relax professor . youthasizing is a trendy new spa treatment , its this seasons shark cartilage enema .
49	farnsworth	but i like being old . i do n't have to talk to my parents , no one asks me to help move their stuff , i do n't need to understand today 's " edgy tv sitcoms . "
49	leela	ok ok , we 're not gon na force you until i 've finished this sentence . get him !
49	farnsworth	my thong !
49	heather	hi , i 'm heather your personal youthasizer ! lets get started with a nice botulism treatment shall we ?
49	farnsworth	go to hell heather !
49	heather	oh ! in small doses botchelism toxin tightens and tones the facial muscles instead of killing you in the most horrible fashion imaginable .
49	farnsworth	give me back my floppy face !
49	farnsworth	careful with the giblets !
49	heather	hmm , you 're still retaining a lot of grump in these joints . more pressure .
49	farnsworth	ahh !
49	heather	since this is such a serious case of old , we 'll have to try our strongest treatment . a soothing full body bath in searing hot tar . sir , its not neccesary or wise to be naked .
49	farnsworth	you sound just like my tennis instructor .
49	heather	the tar blisters the age right out of the body in what top scientists suspect is a miracle .
49	farnsworth	oh i do n't have time for this . i have to go and buy a single piece of fruit with a coupon and then return it , making people wait behind me while i complain .
49	fry	he still sounds sorta old . sorta real old .
49	bender	step aside lady . like everything else in life , pumping is just a primative degenerate form of bending . ( mean voice ) c'mon bender pump harder ! harder ! ( weak voice ) i 'm trying as hard as i can . ( mean voice ) harder damn you !
49	farnsworth	well that was an utter waste of time .
49	amy	professor it worked ! you look young enough to be my father !
49	farnsworth	poodlespit ! 53 years old ? now i 'll need a fake id to rent ultra-porn .
49	fry	this is great professor ! we should go out and celebrate !
49	farnsworth	dear lord , you 've all reverted to your childhood forms !
49	zoidberg	hooray ! i 'm a teenage hearthrob again !
49	farnsworth	while i try to restore our normal ages , i expect you all to go about your jobs like normal professionals .
49	hermes	it was n't me mr f , it was amy ! stop it amy !
49	amy	you stink !
49	hermes	you know you did it !
49	farnsworth	quiet ! quiet i say !
49	labarbara	we 're here to take my little stub of a husband home . hermes , say goodbye to mr farnsworth .
49	hermes	goodbye mr dumbsworth !
49	leela	hey , this my chance to spend time with my parents too !
49	fry	but your parents are gross sewer mutants .
49	leela	when i was an orphan i always wished i could grow up with my mom and dad . and now , thanks to being hurled backwards through time -
49	farnsworth	that 's not what happened ! shut up and go live with your parents .
49	leela	it 's gon na be totally awesome mom ! you and me can bake and argue about my hairstyle hiding my pretty face . and if some kid picks on me , my dad can beat up his dad .
49	morris	ca n't i just beat up the kid ?
49	munda	well ok leela , if you think you can put up with your father , welcome home . we 'll try to respect your independence and your freedom .
49	leela	no ! i want the real teen experience ! chores , curfew , the works !
49	morris	fine leela we 'll be the strictest parents ever . now , lets all have some tequila to celebrate !
49	leela	dad i 'm underage !
49	morris	oh right . here 's a silly straw .
49	mrs wong	oh my amy 's sweet little girl again . this like a mother 's dream . bad dream that is ! at this rate i 'm never going to get a grandchild !
49	mr wong	maybe she not grown up but she sure grown out ! she fat !
49	amy	dad , if you 're gon na make fat jokes until i get cute again i 'm just gon na stay in my room .
49	mr wong	stay in room ? you so fat you gon na stay all around room !
49	farnsworth	i 've got to find a way to escape the horrible ravages of youth ! suddenly i 'm going to the bathroom like clockwork every three hours ! and those jerks at social security stopped sending me cheques ! now i have to pay them !
49	bender	i 'm tired of your yapping . all you ever do is complain , you never try to make things better . well i 'm running away from this dead end family ! i know there 's a place for people like me with new ideas . there has to be !
49	farnsworth	fine , get going !
49	bender	oh i 'm going ! you 're gon na be all " where 's bender ? i miss bender ! "
49	farnsworth	we wo n't know that until you leave .
49	bender	oh , i 'm leaving !
49	farnsworth	there 's the door .
49	bender	i 'll be good .
49	munda	ah , do you have to shed your skin on the couch ? what do we live in , a zoo ?
49	morris	i 'm getting the doorbell . for me ?
49	fry	oh , hello sir . it 's a lovely evening you have tonight . um i 'm here to pick up your daughter .
49	leela	hi fry ! i like your blazer .
49	fry	thanks . these are n't pockets they 're just flaps . i put my money in my sock .
49	munda	so , where are you taking my daughter tonight ?
49	fry	a movie . a movie ma'am .
49	morris	well whatever you 're really doing , do n't wake us if you get in after 12 .
49	leela	dad , you 're being too leaneant again ! i have to be back by 11 .
49	munda	ok ok you 're the boss !
49	leela	no i 'm not !
49	fry	i 'd like a sewer burger but without the rat feces .
49	leela	what are you on a diet ?
49	moose	uh leela you look hot !
49	mandy	jeez moose , just dump me right in front of her why do n't you !
49	leela	moose , mandy , this is my friend fry - from the surface !
49	mandy	oh so this is the famous fry ! what is he like the biggest loser on the surface so he has to hang out in the sewer ?
49	fry	they 're onto me .
49	leela	hey come on , let 's act like grown ups here ! wan na race ?
49	moose	uh yeah !
49	sal	theres . the worlds drinkings water is safes for another days . whoas ! cripe !
49	leela	a tapeworm !
49	fry	we missed the turn , we 'll never catch them .
49	leela	yes we will . this sewer goes right under planet express and its 's 9pm !
49	fry	yeah !
49	leela	all right !
49	fry	leela you can stop winning now , we won !
49	leela	i 'm too short to reach the handbrake !
49	dwayne	that 's detention !
49	fry	and then , and then , this giant tapeworm tried to play us for chumps but we like totally dissed moose !
49	farnsworth	yes , i 'd like to meet this " moose . " but in the meantime i have good news . i may have solved our age problem .
49	fry	yay !
49	farnsworth	it seems the youthasizer tar was saturated with time-altering chronitons . a thin layer is still stuck to our dna as well as bender 's robot dna or " rna . "
49	bender	question .
49	farnsworth	yes ?
49	bender	you stink !
49	farnsworth	yes yes . anyhow i 've designed an oil eating bacterium that should take the tar right off .
49	fry	c'mon ! lets go tell leela so we can grow up together !
49	leela	thanks professor but i do n't want the treatment .
49	farnsworth	do n't you understand you little nitwit ? unless you 're treated soon , the only way to restore your true age would be to grow into it ! just as god intended .
49	munda	he has a point honey . what about your job and your friends ? do you really want to abandon your old life ?
49	leela	my old life was n't as glamourous as my webpage made it look . all i ever wanted was to grow up here . with you . please ?
49	munda	well if it 's what you really want .
49	leela	it is . i know it is .
49	fry	i 'll miss you leela . i 'll come ack and visit when i 'm all grown up .
49	leela	bring beer .
49	morris	no beer 'til you finish your tequila !
49	amy	let 's go !
49	farnsworth	initiating controlled infection .
49	zoidberg	i 'm no doctor but this machine guy could use a lozenge .
49	amy	aw poo ! we 're even younger !
49	farnsworth	damn ! the bacteria pigged out on the tar and now they 're getting freaky deaky , spreading chronitons throughout our systems . we 're getting younger by the minute !
49	zoidberg	what i 'm going to revrt through all my larval stages ?
49	farnsworth	word ! we 'll all keep getting younger and younger until we suffer a fate worse than death - pre-life ! then death .
49	farnsworth	i 've got to stop this reverse aging before we all shrivel up and suffer the agony of unbirth . think you disco duck think !
49	amy	what 's that squirming under your shirt ?
49	farnsworth	get off me you parasitic lamprey !
49	zoidberg	oh sure like you need all your blood .
49	farnsworth	would you all chill ! i ca n't think with you kids cramping my style ! oh i need a babysitter !
49	leela	ok , quiet time . i know , everyone pretend to thing to check your tongue and i 'll read you a story .
49	zoidberg	i ca n't see from down here i ca n't .
49	leela	there . todays story is from new teen magazine . what would you rather hear about ? four legged chachi or tentacled chachi ?
49	fry	i wan na hear a space story !
49	leela	it 's kind of a baby book . but ok . let 's see . snow white dwarf and the seven red dwarves , charlotte 's tholian web , the fountain of aging .
49	farnsworth	the fountain of aging ? hmm , it is just a legend . still , they called the tooth fairy a legend and now it 's head of the fbi .
49	farnsworth	sup ? kids ready ?
49	fry	professy 's back ! eww , you smell like smoking . and drinking .
49	farnsworth	i had a few beers but i 'm cool to drive .
49	leela	i wish i could come with you to say goodbye , before you all turn back in to grown ups but i 'm grounded for knocking the school over .
49	munda	who cares leela ? it was just a public school . now go with your friends , please .
49	leela	no ! a grounded teenager must be confined to her room !
49	leela	... until she sneaks out !
49	bender	when i grow up i wan na be a steam shovel !
49	leela	according to this , the fountain is located within the darkest , most ancient region of space , just past teddybear junction .
49	farnsworth	teddybear junction , the worst scum hole in the galaxy .
49	farnsworth	this solar system is like way old .
49	leela	look how high the asteroid belt is pulled up on that planet .
49	farnsworth	newsflash ! everything 's getting older the closer we get to that sun !
49	leela	dude , the fountain of aging must be on the sun itself !
49	farnsworth	shut up ! i was gon na say that !
49	leela	we 've got to hurry . the kids have only one change of pants !
49	farnsworth	we got ta be real real careful to stay in just long enough to make us our right ages again .
49	farnsworth	zoidberg ! get out of there !
49	zoidberg	the current , its too much already ! help !
49	farnsworth	jeepers !
49	leela	zoidberg is dead !
49	zoidberg	no ! zoidberg 's brother is dead ! funny story . i just reverted to the age where my siblings budded from me and my brother norman split off and jumped in the fountain .
49	sibling	he always had to be the centre of attention !
49	leela	oh no ! quick ! get them into the fountain !
49	farnsworth	thanks for the help weewa . once we 're gwown up you can go back to your famiwy . we ' wl never bother you again .
49	leela	you can bother me a little .
49	farnsworth	it 's working ! hooray ! i ca n't hold on !
49	leela	i 'm coming in after you !
49	farnsworth	no leela ! you ca n't give up your childhood ! you 'll never have another chance at it !
49	fry	we did it ! we 're the right ages again !
49	leela	i think i might be a couple years younger .
49	amy	oh , me too !
49	leela	he 's too far out ! we ca n't reach him !
49	hermes	are you back to your original age professor ?
49	farnsworth	even older ! huzzah !
49	fry	i 'm sorry you had to give up being a kid leela .
49	leela	well , i guess ever adult wants to be a kid sometimes . but i worked hard to be the person i am !
49	fry	the fabulous person !
49	leela	with friends like you guys -
49	fry	fabulous friends !
49	leela	and i 'm really happy i have that life back .
49	farnsworth	and you my faithful fiend ! how can i ever repay you ?
50	robot	so i says , " super collider ? i just met her ! " and then they built the super collider . thank you , you 've been a great audience .
50	florp	humorbot 5.0 , ladies and gentlemen . our next stand-up 's a veteran of four comedy traffic schools . give it way up for bobcat zoidberg !
50	fry	( cheering ) alright !
50	leela	( cheering ) yeah !
50	bender	( cheering ) alright , zoidberg !
50	zoidberg	earth . what a planet . on earth , you enjoy eating a tasty clam . on my planet , clams enjoy eating a tasty you . maybe i 'm not yelling loud enough . ( shouting ) on earth , everybody is always looking for a giant squid . on my planet -
50	bender	reload .
50	zoidberg	so these three parasitic worms bore into a human 's head ...
50	woman	eww , gross .
50	zoidberg	... and they walk up to the bar and then - uh-oh . wait , stop ! i 've got more ! ( groaning ) oh .
50	zoidberg	my whole life i worked on that act . and they hated it .
50	hermes	you 're a crazy , penniless , lobster doctor . no combination of you should be a comedian .
50	zoidberg	but comedy is in my valves . my uncle harold was a big hollywood star back in the era of silent holograms .
50	leela	( awestruck ) your uncle was harold zoid ?
50	zoidberg	( dramatic ) this i can not deny .
50	farnsworth	why , i 've been a harold zoid fan since back when my hips were made of bone . as it happens , i still have some of my original 78s .
50	hermes	you 're right , crabby . he 's a hell of a lot funnier than you could ever be .
50	zoidberg	maybe so , but perhaps if i wrote him and asked for a few hundred pointers ...
50	zoidberg	this letter has to be very personal , so i 'm writing it in my own ink . ( writing ; thinking ) dear uncle zoid , greetings from your long-lost nephew . norm and sam and sadie 's boy , remember ? ...
50	zoidberg	( voice-over ) ... now i am the most important doctor at the delivery company where i work . but , sadly , my life is bereft of laughter .
50	zoid	( reading ) i beg of you , mr. funny uncle , teach me the comedy business . sincerely , zoidberg . ( talking ) oy , is n't that nice ? he took the time .
50	woman	what 's that scribbldy-gook ?
50	zoid	this is a fan letter from my rich doctor nephew who just might be my ticket out of this flophouse , he might . yeah , you 'd better run . ( writing ) dear rich doctor nephew , i can help you be funny . the first funny thing you must do is put all of your money in the form of a cashier 's cheque and come to hollywood .
50	zoidberg	( reading ) sincerely , harold zoid . p.s. cashier 's cheque . ( talking ) did you hear that ? i 'm going to hollywood !
50	tour guide	welcome to hollywood ! i must warn you , there 's no refund if you get discovered and leave the tour ! i 'm just kidding , that never happens . now , to your right , you 'll see 30th century fox studios . fox uses those searchlights to blind pilots , then film the resulting plane crashes .
50	bender	neat !
50	tour guide	ahead , you 'll see the home of mel gibson , star of the hit film , bravehead . and do we have any fans of calculon , star of the robot soap opera all my circuits ?
50	bender	oh , i am , me ! bender is !
50	tour guide	then you 'll wan na get a close look at his luxurious bel-air home .
50	bender	yes , i will .
50	calculon	are you my new hot water heater ?
50	bender	no , i 'm bender . we met once , remember ?
50	calculon	absolutely not .
50	bender	come on , do n't you remember how much i was bugging you , do n't you ? 'cause it was a lot , you remember , right ?
50	calculon	look , i 'm programmed to be very busy . unless you can heat water to 212 degrees , i 'm not interested . have you got an extra goto 10 line ? i said i do n't need a bender .
50	bender	bender ? that was the other guy . my name 's boiler .
50	calculon	nice work , boiler .
50	bender	thanks . and call me bender .
50	zoidberg	that 's where i 'm meeting uncle zoid for lunch to discuss my hollywood dreams . next time you see me , do n't be surprised if i 've eaten .
50	zoidberg	uncle zoid , you 're looking young enough to be throw back !
50	zoid	rich nephew , come over here and give your uncle a nice , big meal . so , here we are : a still-famous film comedian ...
50	zoidberg	... and a rich , respected doctor with many surviving patients .
50	zoid	eating real food in a restaurant , as we both often do . so , you want to be a comedian , is it ?
50	zoidberg	it 's my lifelong dream .
50	zoid	( shouting ) well that dream dies now . you 're unfunny and untalented . that 's why you 're perfect for drama .
50	zoidberg	hmm , serious drama . perhaps it is time to give up comedy .
50	zoid	i 'm putting together a big drama picture right now , as we speak . the script is dynamite . i know because i wrote it myself . and with me directing and starring , i 'll be back on top after 50 miserable years ...... uh , of fame .
50	zoidberg	ah , fame . where do i come in ?
50	zoid	this fame film has a juicy part for you , if you completely finance it with your doctor money . so , are you in ?
50	zoidberg	uh , ok . how much do i have to invest ?
50	zoid	oh , not much , not much , ( quietly ) amilliondollars . ( talking ) then it 's settled . another blockbuster hollywood deal .
50	waiter	what can i get you gentlemen ?
50	zoidberg	is bread free ?
50	waiter	yeah .
50	zoidberg	we 'll split an order .
50	bender	what 's with monstro ?
50	fry	he promised he 'd give his uncle zoid a million bucks to make a movie .
50	zoidberg	( crying ) i 've only been here a day and already i 'm a hollywood phoney .
50	bender	( proud ) well , perhaps i could call on tvs calculon to help , now that i 'm in showbiz .
50	fry	since when have you been in the biz ?
50	bender	long enough , little man . long enough .
50	bender	calculon , as your hot water heater ...... i would be remiss if i did n't bring you scripts that could make you an international film star .
50	calculon	of course . tell me about the project .
50	zoidberg	it 's a movie .
50	calculon	interesting . tell me more .
50	bender	get this : for a scant $ 1 million investment , you can be the star .
50	calculon	and ?
50	bender	and , uh , i guarantee it 'll win you an oscar .
50	calculon	an oscar , you say ? that would get me out of this festering rat 's nest called " television " once and for all . let me see the script . no , no i do n't like the font . wait ! harold zoid ? was this written by the harold zoid ?
50	zoidberg	written and xeroxed .
50	calculon	good heavens . a chance to work with the legendary harold zoid . he 's one of my great idols . and , and you say you can guarantee me the oscar ?
50	bender	i can guarantee anything you want .
50	calculon	then i 'll do it !
50	zoidberg	hooray !
50	bender	here 's your chequebook .
50	calculon	ladies and gentlemen , i give you our director , the legendary harold zoid !
50	zoid	thank you . a more classic movie plot there is n't : a son who does not want to follow in his father 's business . and that business is being president of earth , no less . the son , as it happens , is vice president .
50	bender	( to calculon ) that plot makes perfect sense , wink wink .
50	zoidberg	bender , you said " wink wink " out loud .
50	bender	no , i did n't . ( quietly ) raise middle finger .
50	zoid	now , remember , and i ca n't stress this enough , this is a talkie . so i want the full gamut of emotions from every actor in every scene .
50	zoidberg	the magnificent three . scene one , take one .
50	zoid	and , action !
50	calculon	take back your gilded pen , father . signing bills into law was always your dream , not mine .
50	zoid	cut ! cut ! cut it ! i said this is a talkie , damnit ! you 've got to emote more ! and you extras : wave your arms and make faces . what is this , a morgue ?
50	zoidberg	the magnificent three . scene 10 , take
50	zoid	action . and i mean circus-grade action .
50	calculon	sir , i call upon you not as a president but as a father .
50	zoid	cut , cut , cut it ! would you show a little emotion ? people , people , please . just because it 's a dramatic scene , does n't mean you ca n't do a little comedy in the background . throw a pie or two , for god 's sake .
50	calculon	( screaming ) nooo !
50	zoid	cut , cut it ! eck ! look , look , it 's alright , kid . we 'll , uh , we 'll get it in editing . alright , that 's a wrap everybody , i 'm gon na see you all at the premiere which , by the way , when is ?
50	zoidberg	well , uh , editing is a long and expensive process but we spent all the money on pies , so it 'll be ready friday .
50	bender	nice turnout , calculon . that oscar 's practically on your mantel .
50	calculon	i just pray they like me half as much as i do .
50	calculon	( in movie ) i agreed to be your vice president but i never agreed to be your son . thank you , lieutenant smith .
50	zoidberg	( in movie ) good morning , mr. vice president !
50	fry	leela , we 're missing the premiere . my only goal in life was to attend a hollywood shindig . just pay the valet the two bucks .
50	leela	no ! it 's the principle of the thing . besides , i think i see a parking lot up ahead .
50	calculon	( in movie ) father , i have asked you to join me on the white house roof so we could have a heart-to-heart talk . i will never follow in your footsteps . here is my resignation as vice president .
50	zoid	( in movie ) no ! my son will not shame me like this . i would sooner die , i would !
50	calculon	( in movie ) father ! the ledge !
50	zoid	( in movie ) oy !
50	calculon	( in movie ) oh .
50	zoidberg	( in movie ) the president is dead . congratulations , mr. president .
50	calculon	( screaming ; in movie ) nooo !
50	bender	( cheering ) woohoo ! yeah ! he 's a visionary !
50	calculon	everyone walked out . they hated it . i 've seen plagues that have better opening nights than this . you said that oscar was practically on my mantel .
50	bender	now you know why i use the qualifier , " practically " .
50	calculon	you listen to me . i 'm out a million bucks here ! you get me that oscar , or you 're dead ! you and these snivelling lobsters ! dead . you hear me ? dead !
50	zoid	oy , now he emotes !
50	calculon	400 categories and not a single nomination for me .
50	zoidberg	but you won this golden globe !
50	calculon	piffle ! that 's the emmy of movie awards ! i told you i want an oscar .
50	bender	then maybe you should act better .
50	calculon	the oscar is n't about acting . it 's about earning the respect and admiration of the creative community .
50	zoid	how ' bout we rig the awards ?
50	calculon	that 's fine too .
50	leela	it 's no use . the tar is too thick . plus , i think i flooded it .
50	fry	well , we missed the premiere and we 're gon na die . we might as well enjoy the sights . oh my god , sylvester stallone !
50	zoidberg	this is where you live ? i though you were a big-shot hollywood movie star .
50	zoid	no , i 'm not . i 'm an even bigger liar than you . my career went down the tube the day they invented smell-a-vision .
50	bender	calculon 's gon na kill us for sure . it 's all everybody else 's fault .
50	zoid	oy . all i wanted was for people to think of me one last time before i die .
50	zoidberg	what are you talking about ? everybody remembers harold zoid !
50	zoid	as a pathetic has-been , they remember me . as a forgotten relic , they remember me . bah ! it 's better to die now .
50	zoidberg	no . this is one death dr. zoidberg wo n't be responsible for . zoidberg away !
50	rivers	hi , i 'm joan rivers 's head . i tell you , i 've had so many face-lifts , they finally lifted it right off my body ! it 's true , it 's true ! oh , oh , oh , here comes jack nicholson 's dna , reconstituted in a gorilla body .
50	bender	catering .
50	rivers	oh , and here 's washed-up actor , what 's - his-name , harold zoid . are you presenting one of those tacky honorary awards , or just getting one ?
50	zoid	i 'm a seat-filler , joan 's head . my only marketable skill is to occupy space .
50	calculon	you know , the second i do n't win that award , you 're cat food . right , boxy ?
50	announcer	and now , the host of the 1074th academy awards , billy crystal .
50	crystal	now i know how a pez dispenser feels . alright , we 're already one hour behind . our first award tonight , best cinematography in a non-visible spectrum .
50	fry	it 's been two weeks . you wan na play tic-tac-toe again before we eat our shoes ?
50	leela	oh , i always knew i 'd die at the bottom of a pit . but a pit full of tar ?
50	fry	what was that ? a tar dolphin or a tar shark ?
50	leela	it 's some kind of hollow tube , devoid of human life . the los angeles subway ! we can blast our way in and escape !
50	fry	alright , but i still feel like having a shoe .
50	zoidberg	what category are they on ?
50	bender	they 're giving out the minor technical awards . i think they 're up to writing .
50	zoidberg	that leave best soft-drink product placement and then best actor . we do n't have much time .
50	crystal	and the nominees for best soft-drink product placement are :
50	slurm machine	star trek : the pepsi generation , they call me mr. pibb and snow white and the 7 ups .
50	bender	and now , to present the award for best actor ...... a bit player in the flop movie the magnificent three ...... dr. zoidberg .
50	calculon	( quietly ) ok , boxy , keep your prong on the trigger .
50	zoidberg	and the nominees for best actor are : sir lawrence ..... . in the merchant of venus , hive mind gamma 7x in bikini party summer , the soda machine robot in bikini party summer , mark jones in how beige was my jacket and , instead of the fifth guy - calculon , for his powerhouse performance in the magnificent three .
50	man #1	uh-oh , he read the wrong name .
50	man #2	( whispering ) shh , just play along , like they did with marisa tomei .
50	zoid	hooray , i wo n't be murdered . i 'll live another day . another day of ... pathetic , forgotten misery .
50	zoidberg	and the winner is ... and the winner , instead of any of the nominees , is the legendary harold zoid !
50	zoid	thank you . thank you so much ! you know , through all my ups and downs , i always thought the most important thing in life was to win an oscar . but tonight i realise what 's really important is to win two oscars . ha , ha ! i 'm kidding , i 'm kidding . what really matters in life is that people care about you , whether it 's a whole crowd ...... or just one die-hard fan .
50	zoid	thank you , nephew . now i can die happy . 10 seconds from now , when calculon kills us .
50	calculon	harold zoid !
50	bender	hit the deck !
50	calculon	where 's that oscar ?
50	zoid	here , enjoy . what are you getting upset ? it 's slightly less fraudulent for you to have it .
50	calculon	yes , yes it 's a real beauty . someday i hope to win one of my own .
50	bender	then you 're not going to kill us , your majesty ?
50	calculon	nay . i respect and admire harold zoid too much to beat him to death with his own oscar .
50	zoidberg	earthquake !
50	bender	hit the deck !
50	zoid	let the earth quake , i 've got somebody 's oscar !
50	fry	we made it ! i 'm at a hollywood party !
50	doorman	i 'm sorry , sir , this is a private - oh , pardon me , i see you 're with mr. stallone .
51	leela	fry , i know those cookies are fresh-a-licious but they produce an awful lot of trash .
51	bender	ah !
51	leela	and bender , that aerosol head spray makes your head smell nice ...
51	bender	thank you .
51	leela	... but it 's doing long-term damage to the planet .
51	bender	so ? it 's not like it 's the only one we 've got !
51	farnsworth	good news everyone ! i 'm sending you on an extremely controversial mission !
51	fry	controversial ?
51	farnsworth	oh my no .
51	farnsworth	for this highly controversial mission , you 'll be towing the juan valdez , an orbitting supertanker full of rich columbian dark matter .
51	leela	dark matter oil ? what if we hit something ? the tanker could leak !
51	farnsworth	impossible ! the tanker has 6000 hulls . so , unlike me , it 's entirely leak-proof ! now , once you 've hauled the tanker past the protestors -
51	leela	protestors ?
51	farnsworth	correct . 6000 hulls .
51	leela	why do we have to fly within three feet of this penguin preserve on pluto ?
51	farnsworth	( whispering ) to avoid the tollbooth .
51	fry	alright , she 's all restocked with emergency jam . let 's get going .
51	leela	at the risk of sounding negative : no ! look professor , i ca n't participate in this mission .
51	farnsworth	what are you yapping about ?
51	leela	this time it 's your reckless disregard for the environment . in fact , i 'm gon na go join those protestors .
51	farnsworth	this is an outrage . i demand that you hand over your captain 's jacket .
51	leela	this is my normal jacket . i 've had it for 10 years .
51	farnsworth	i said hand it over ! well fry , or should i say captain fry ? no i should n't . because bender is the new captain !
51	fry	bender ?
51	farnsworth	that 's right . being a captain is about intuition and heart . a good captain ca n't have either one . that 's why cold , logical bender is perfect for the job .
51	bender	well , i do think of human life as expendable .
51	fry	no fair . leela was training me to be captain . she even let me sit in her lap and steer - in this comic i drew .
51	zoidberg	ooo , the new one 's out !
51	bender	fry , the title of captain may inflate the human ego , but it 's beneath the notice of my mighty robo-logic ! now look spry men ! we launch at six bells !
51	waterfall sr	greetings econauts . i 'm free waterfall sr , founder of penguins unlimited . whoa ! no , no ! no applause . every time you clap your hands you kill thousands of spores that 'll some day form a nutritious fungus . just show your approval with a mould-friendly thumbs up ! please hold your thumbs until the end . now folks , its time to stop that tanker with a non-violent human circle .
51	leela	why do we have to resort to non-violence ? ca n't we just kick their asses ?
51	waterfall sr	now little lady , those people 's asses are living things too !
51	bender	aye ! we 're hitched up tighter than davy jones ' u-haul ! at ease men !
51	fry	i am at ease .
51	bender	mr fry . i like to give my first mate an informal nickname . from now on , you will be known as ... wiggles !
51	wiggles	the hell i will ! have you even read the captain 's handbook ?
51	bender	i have now . and what 's peter parrot 's first rule of captaining ?
51	wiggles	always respect the chain-o-command - captain .
51	bender	correct wiggles . you 've just earned an invitation to the captain 's table .
51	zoidberg	( whispering ) the captain 's table ! what an honour !
51	waterfall sr	our peace ring has 'em trapped like a tiger in a washing machine !
51	leela	get ready !
51	protestor #1	look out !
51	protestor #2	hold on !
51	waterfall sr	here they come .
51	leela	when you were planning this peace ring , did n't you realise spaceships can move in three dimensions ?
51	waterfall sr	no i did not .
51	waterfall sr	folks , that tanker gave us the slip but we 'll stop 'em here on pluto ! if you 're cold , rub your bodies with permafrost . it 's nature 's long johns . if rubbing frozen dirt in your crotch is wrong , hey i do n't wan na be right !
51	waterfall sr	this here is our penguin preserve .
51	leela	aww they 're so cute ! they 're like if puppies and kittens could have babies !
51	waterfall sr	we use hand puppets around young uns to simulate a natural environment .
51	leela	that 's adorable .
51	bender	... but i suppose it 's this medal i 'm most proud of wiggles . i won it for saving the children of earth from a giant kangaroo . it was on the australian news , you probably did n't see it .
51	zoidberg	brilliant !
51	fry	would you cram a sock in it bender ? those are n't even medals ! they 're bottlecaps and pepperoni slices .
51	bender	thank you steward . wiggles ? were n't you about to propose a toast to your gallant captain ?
51	fry	fine , i 've got a toast . to captain bender ! he 's the best ...... at being a big jerk and his big ugly face is as dumb as a butt .
51	bender	eh , i 've heard better .
51	fry	if i were in charge i would n't treat you like this . you 're nothing but a big blowhard .
51	bender	sir , you forget yourself ! shut up !
51	fry	being captain is obviously more important to you than being my friend . i 'm going .
51	bender	going ? but , a captain ca n't drink without his first mate !
51	zoidberg	you can drink with me maybe ?
51	bender	i do n't feel like drinking .
51	zoidberg	then if you 'll excuse me i see some ravioli that only has two shoeprints on it . three .
51	bender	( soberly singing ) oh greenland is a barren land , a land that bears no green . where there 's ice and snow and the whale fishies blow and the -
51	zoidberg	captain please , have some liquor . you robots need alcohol to function .
51	bender	gah ! i once knew a guy ... you look like him . but he was n't either . i 'm a good captain .
51	zoidberg	please sir , i love you like a father !
51	protestor #3	here they come , oh i hope they read my sign !
51	leela	bender 's flying too low ! and he 's upside-down !
51	protestor #3	he must be talking on a cell phone !
51	fry	what 's happening ?
51	zoidberg	all 6000 hulls have been breached !
51	fry	oh the fools ! if only they 'd built it with 6001 hulls ! when will they learn ?
51	linda	continuing our coverage of a tragic - but far away - story . the crisis on pluto worsens as dark matter spreads throughout the penguin habitat . the images are truly horrific .
51	leela	i do n't think any of those poor , oil-drenched penguins feel .
51	morbo	oily humanoid ! at the time of the crash , the tanker captain had an alcohol level of .08 percent - well below the legal limit for robots .
51	hyper-chicken	son , as your lawyer i declare y' all are in a 12-piece bucket o ' trouble . but i done struck you a deal ; five hours of community service cleanin ' up that ole mess you caused .
51	bender	five hours ? aw man ! could n't you have just gotten me the death penalty ?
51	hyper-chicken	i 'd have done better but it 's plum hard pleadin ' a case while awaitin ' trial for that there incompetance !
51	bender	yeah , uh , good luck with that .
51	leela	now you stay away from those puffin twins .
51	waterfall sr	good way to avoid frostbite folks : put your hands between your buttocks . that 's nature 's pocket .
51	leela	uh ... i think i 'll go check on bender .
51	waterfall sr	watch that he does n't pick your pocket .
51	bender	ah , ca n't beat fresh squeezed !
51	leela	bender , can you at least pretend you 're being punished ? and clean the black parts too .
51	smitty	are they black with white feathers or white with black feathers ?
51	url	it do n't matter baby , they 're all beautiful !
51	bender	yo , screws , more tegrin over here ? oh ho , what 's this ?
51	url	aww man , he got away !
51	smitty	i guess this is why chief says no hugging .
51	waterfall sr	good work everyone . i suggest you all go get some sleep . me , well i 'm gon na stay up all night singing songs about penguins in a fine piercing tenor .
51	leela	has anyone seen bender ? ( shouting ) bender ? here robot robot robot .
51	leela	hey , why were n't you kong donkeys outside cleaning up ?
51	zoidberg	they sent us inside for doing an unsatisfactory job . ( sadly ) and eating penguin eggs .
51	fry	you ate most of them . so , where 's captain bender ? off catastrophising some other planet ?
51	zoidberg	dammit fry ! he may have done wrong , but he 's still your captain .
51	leela	i 'm worried about him . he did n't come back with the group .
51	fry	he did n't ?
51	leela	no . and with windchill it 's 20 degrees below absolute zero . i 'd better go find him .
51	fry	wait . let me . bender and i have our disagreements , but we 're still friends and i 'm gon na show him what that means . to the ship .
51	leela	why do n't you just walk ? he was only about 20 yards from here .
51	fry	madam , i am in command now .
51	zoidberg	such a man . i 'd follow him to hell and back i would .
51	bender	what the ? what 's this water made of ? ice ? forget this !
51	penguin #1	( in penguin ) full of fish ?
51	bender	( in penguin ) not entirely .
51	penguin #1	( in penguin ) then let 's fish .
51	zoidberg	captain , i do n't think we 're on pluto any longer . in fact , we may have left space as we know it .
51	fry	then where are we ? you said you knew how to navigate .
51	zoidberg	( shouting ) stop yelling at me !
51	waterfall sr	folks it 's worse than we thought . seems dark matter is nature 's sex drug . it 's like a perverted trail mix of penguin estrogen , penguin viagra and spanish penguin fly . why , it 's making them ultra-fertile .
51	leela	how ultra ?
51	waterfall sr	well your garden variety penguin lays one egg a year . since the spill our penguins have been laying six eggs every 15 minutes . also the eggs hatch in only 12 hours . also the males are laying eggs .
51	doctor	this man is over-gasped .
51	waterfall sr	if the birds keep multiplying soon there 'll be too many to count . before long they 'll exhaust their food supply and starve to death .
51	leela	oh if only we had n't flown penguins to pluto and dumped oil on them , this might never have happened . ca n't we stop them from multiplying ?
51	waterfall sr	yes i reckon it is our responsibility . and thankfully we have a plan .
51	leela	what is it ? we 'll do anything .
51	waterfall sr	everyone grab your guns . i declare penguin hunting season officially open .
51	leela	you ca n't shoot penguins . is n't there some way to prevent them from breeding ?
51	waterfall sr	cold showers do n't work on antarctic creatures . now surely you agree that a quick semi-painless death is a darn sight better than weeks of starvation .
51	leela	well ... i suppose ... but ... i mean ... i joined penguins unlimited to love penguins , not to hunt them .
51	waterfall sr	this time the two are one and the same ! now are you with us or are you gon na let innocent penguins suffer ?
51	leela	( crying ) oh god it 's inhuman ! it 's like hong kong ! i 'll do it !
51	waterfall sr	that 's a good old fashioned gun . simple point-and-click interface . rifle check !
51	hunter #1	oh yeah !
51	hunter #2	wee doggy !
51	leela	hey , you 're enjoying this .
51	waterfall sr	look nobody enjoys shooting penguins . but if you have to shoot penguins , well you might as well enjoy it .
51	leela	i 'm sorry but if it 's fun in any way it 's not environmentalism .
51	waterfall sr	oh really ? how ' bout blowing up dams ?
51	leela	yeah ... that is fun .
51	waterfall sr	let 's conservate !
51	zoidberg	( shouting ; from ship ) it 's been an honour to serve under you sir !
51	leela	alright , this is for their own good . do n't leave orphans . got ta kill entire families . but they 're so cute . no ! you can do this . it 's just like murdering a little butler . i. . . i ca n't look . ( crying ) oh no ! what have i done ? oh you poor little guy ! i 'm so sorry i - bender ? what 's going on ? were you hiding out with these little guys ?
51	bender	of course not . filthy ice rats . scat ! shoo ! gah ! what are you doing ? get away !
51	leela	aww , they love you !
51	bender	well i do n't love them . aww ! i do n't know why but when i look down at their little faces , it makes me wan na puke ! in a good way !
51	penguins	( in penguin ) stand still . it 's our only hope .
51	bender	( in penguin ) that 's puffin talk . now follow me !
51	leela	stop ! stop shooting ! it 's me , leela .
51	hunter #2	sorry .
51	waterfall sr	why are n't you firing randomly into those birds little lady ? do n't you wan na help 'em ?
51	leela	not this way .
51	waterfall sr	what ? why you 're not a tree-hugging kook at all !
51	leela	look , i do n't know if shooting penguins will help the environment or not . but i do know that the decision should n't be in the hands of people who just wan na kill for fun .
51	waterfall sr	leela , you may just be farming some free-range truth there . on the other hand we just made up 200 pounds of batter for penguin tempura . ok boys , it 's them or us !
51	leela	no !
51	waterfall sr	hey where 'd they - ?
51	bender	( shouting ) attack !
51	hunter #1	whoa !
51	hunter #2	ow !
51	bender	( in penguin ) we will fight them on the beaches ! we will fight them on the glaciers !
51	waterfall sr	( shouting ) make sure they use every part of my body !
51	old man waterfall	( shouting ) i 'll avenge your death son !
51	leela	they used to be such peaceful birds . i suppose this was your doing .
51	bender	yep . it 's like i taught 'em . if it ai n't black and white - peck scratch and bite ! now to take off my tuxedo . guys , it 's me ! your lovable dictator ! uh-oh !
51	leela	oh , if only we had a toboggan .
51	bender	faster ! faster !
51	leela	phew !
51	bender	oh phew ! oh right they can swim . it 's all coming back to me now .
51	leela	it 's fry !
51	bender	wiggles ?
51	leela	well , at least it 'll help reduce their population .
51	bender	yeah , life is hilariously cruel . permission to come aboard wiggles ?
51	fry	granted . we ca n't take off without our captain .
51	bender	oh , and bring my toboggan .
51	fry	so leela , were you able to help the penguins ?
51	leela	well sure . i mean ... not really ... i mean ... nature will work itself out . it ca n't screw things up any worse than we did trying to fix things right ?
51	fry	( mumbling ) i ' unno .
51	bender	ah , quit your worrying . thanks to my shining influence those stupid birds 'll do just fine .
52	fry	giant space robot , this is captain fry of the uss planet express ship ; we come in peace .
52	bender	tough luck !
52	fry	well , we destroyed the toy spaceship . now what are we gon na do ?
52	bender	hey , look ! the keys to the real spaceship .
52	fry	do you think we should ?
52	bender	( firmly ) yes , i do .
52	farnsworth	leela , have you seen the keys to the spaceship ?
52	leela	i must 've left them onboard .
52	farnsworth	eh , wha ' ? i mean , what ?
52	leela	relax . the ship 's not going anywhere . i anchored it with the unbreakable diamond tether .
52	amy	oh , no !
52	hermes	sweet ghost of babylon .
52	zoidberg	this is n't good for zoidberg !
52	fry	woo , yeah !
52	bender	woo-hoo !
52	bender	hey , fry , i 'm steering with my ass !
52	fry	that 's the best thing i ever saw !
52	italian #1	you stink !
52	italian #1	alright , yeah !
52	italian #2	we like you a lot !
52	fry	that was great !
52	bender	and no one suspects a thing ! whoa ! and that 's how we learned our lesson !
52	farnsworth	you 've gone too far this time - all three of you !
52	leela	what did i do ?
52	farnsworth	you left the keys in the ignition . i mean , look at those two . was n't it obvious what would happen ?
52	fry	yeah , leela .
52	bender	we 're all very disappointed in you .
52	farnsworth	i should fire you three right now , but i 'm just not that cold-hearted .
52	hermes	you 're all fired .
52	zoidberg	goodbye , friends . i 'll miss you . good riddance to them . now zoidberg is the popular one !
52	farnsworth	yes , yes ! let 's all talk to zoidberg .
52	amy	hey , dr. zoidberg , i 've been thinking . do you think we could go out ?
52	farnsworth	so , zoidberg . what 's new ?
52	hermes	tell me , zoidberg : is it carapace or carapass ?
52	zoidberg	oh , you know ... !
52	fry	what are we supposed to do for money ? all i 've got is my frequent taffy eater 's card , my first moustache ...... and this picture of me and my old girlfriend , michelle , and that ski instructor she was just friends with .
52	bender	pardon me , brother . care to donate to the anti-mugging-you fund ? ow !
52	leela	we do n't need to beg , bender . for god 's sake , we 're not veterans !
52	fry	well , what do you suggest ? a daring daylight robbery of fort knox on elephant-back ? that 's the dumbest thing i ever heard !
52	leela	no , we can get jobs .
52	bender	but we just had jobs !
52	leela	fortunately , i still have our old career chips .
52	fry	our what ?
52	leela	career chips . you remember ? they assign you the job you 're best at . i tried to give you one and you ran away . it 's how we met !
52	fry	and then what happened ?
52	leela	just give me your hand .
52	fry	ow !
52	leela	baby ! ow !
52	leela	i 'd like to reapply for my old job : counselling defrostees and assigning them careers .
52	ipgee	oh , i was hoping you would come back ! i even saved your poster of a chimp expressing your distaste for mondays .
52	leela	monday monkey lives for the weekend , sir .
52	ipgee	just put your hand under the scanner so i can verify your career chip . calcutta , we have a problem .
52	leela	delivery boy ? i must have mixed up the chips . it 's a simple mis -
52	ipgee	oh , here 's a cryogenic counsellor ! do you like mondays ?
52	fry	they 're ok .
52	ipgee	then we 'll have to redecorate your office . how do you feel about it helping to be crazy to work here but not being necessary ?
52	bender	hey , let 's see what it says about me .
52	ipgee	welcome aboard , sir .
52	terry	remember , when the tube opens , say ... ( dramatically ) ... " welcome to the world of tomorrow ! "
52	fry	hey , i was frozen . i think i know what people wan na hear when they first wake up . bathroom 's that way .
52	fry	so , while you 're on the probulator , tell me , what brings you to the future ?
52	man	oh , well , i wanted to meet shakespeare and i figured that time was cyclical .
52	fry	nope . straight line . ah , the probulator 's done .
52	man	that was n't so bad .
52	fry	oh , wait , it has n't started yet . ok , it 's about to start .
52	bender	welcome to the future , human slave . ah , relax , chum . i 'm not really a giant fly ! i 'm a horrible robot ! kill all humans !
52	terry	dear god ! he 's having a heart attack !
52	bender	ah , they 'll probably find a cure for that in the future .
52	terry	we have a cure for it now !
52	bender	oh , good . then you wo n't mind if i use this .
52	fry	nothing like a power nap .
52	old man	oh , flies ! flies and gorillas !
52	bender	stay beautiful , doll-face ! that probulator sure knows how to please a man . so , what 's for lunch ?
52	fry	i ordered a pizza .
52	leela	pizza delivery for ... i.c. wiener . yeah , very funny . now cough up the $ 12.95 .
52	fry	sorry , but if it 's not here in half an hour , it 's free .
52	leela	it 's only been 23 minutes .
52	fry	well , uh , i 've got 33 minutes .
52	chef	it 's only been-a 23 minutes , you dumb-a canolli . you got a problem , we can take it outside .
52	fry	ok , i 'll fight the box . i think i can take him .
52	leela	fry , just pay me . i still owe 30 bucks on this uniform .
52	chef	35 , you stupid meatball .
52	bender	who should be unfreeze next ?
52	fry	no . no ! oh , my god ! it 's pauly shore !
52	bender	alright !
52	fry	mr. shore , i loved you in bio-dome . you sure caused some trouble in that bubble !
52	shore	rest assured , if it rhymes , i can cause trouble in it .
52	fry	hey , now that you 're in the future , you can go live in an actual bio-dome !
52	shore	an unattractive prospect . while researching for the role , i ran computer simulations demonstrating , incontravertably , that the whole bio-enclosure concept is fundamentally flawed . be it expressed via dome , sphere , cube or even a stately tetrahedron , buuuddy !
52	fry	oh . how did you wind up getting frozen ?
52	shore	well , while filming encino man my intellectual curiosity re : cryogenics was peaked , and i resolved to freeze the weasel .
52	fry	the weasel ?
52	shore	hey , listen , skippy . i was supposed to be unfrozen in hollywood for the thousandth anniversary screening of jury duty ii . how come i 'm not there ?
52	fry	i woke you up early so we could hang out and do stuff .
52	shore	like what ?
52	fry	i love this job .
52	bender	me too .
52	fry	showtime ! ( hoarse ) i 'll pretend to be dying of space plague .
52	bender	boo ?
52	fry	michelle !
52	bender	oh , my god !
52	michelle	fry ? is it really you ?
52	fry	i do n't know . is it really you ?
52	michelle	what do you mean you do n't know ? are you you or not ?
52	fry	who wants to know ?
52	michelle	oh , fry , it is you !
52	fry	i do n't get it , michelle . the last time i saw you , you were doing great . you had just dumped me and you were well on your way to getting you life back on track . why 'd you freeze yourself ?
52	michelle	oh , fry . after you left , things took a turn for the worse . i got married .
52	fry	i 'm sorry .
52	michelle	( voice-over ) his name was charles . he attended a law school so prestigious , the basketball team was coached by ruth bader ginsberg . i put him through law school by working as a dog walker for antisocial dogs .
52	fry	sorry .
52	michelle	( voice-over ) but soon after charles graduated , our marriage ran into difficulties .
52	fry	uh , sorry .
52	michelle	( voice-over ) desperately depressed , i turned to the one thing that could lessen my pain : a carnival . unfortunately , a corn dog bone got lodged in the control panel of the spizzler , and i had to ride it for eight hours .
52	fry	( voice-over ) sorry .
52	michelle	( voice-over ) but it did give me a chance to think ...
52	fry	i 'm sorry .
52	michelle	... and i remembered the last time i was truly happy ; when i was with you .
52	fry	aww . so you froze yourself to come look for me ?
52	michelle	no , i did it to get a fresh start . i did n't know what had happened to you - no one did . the police were going to conduct a search but your parents felt it was a waste of taxpayer money .
52	fry	that 's the same reason they kept me out of school . so , no one even cared that i was gone ?
52	michelle	not really . except for one person .
52	fry	who was it ?
52	michelle	everything is so different .
52	fry	not everything . there 's still a roach problem .
52	michelle	ew !
52	michelle	eurgh .
52	fry	nowadays , people are n't interested in art that 's not tattooed on fat guys .
52	sal	i 'm on loan from the louvre .
52	leela	please , professor . give us our jobs back . we deserve another chance .
52	bender	yeah , and if you wo n't give me another chance , perhaps you 'd give one to ...... og , gorilla emperor of earth !
52	farnsworth	i 'm sorry , og , but i 've got a new crew .
52	farnsworth	so , how was delivery to fantasy planet , where everyone 's fantasies come to life ?
52	amy	great !
52	hermes	organised !
52	zoidberg	for one beautiful night , i knew what it was to be a grandmother . subjugated , yet honoured .
52	farnsworth	you see , og ? everything 's running smoothly , yes . and with fry fired , i can finally leave my jigsaw puzzles out without him eating the pieces .
52	leela	forget about fry . you can hire us back and he 'd never have to know .
52	fry	hey , guys .
52	leela	oh . hey , fry !
52	bender	so , as leela was saying , fry can go shove a big old - ow !
52	fry	i 'm glad you 're all here . i wanted to introduce you to my on-again-off-again girlfriend of the past thousand years , michelle . michelle , this is leela . this is bender . the professor . hermes and amy .
52	michelle	nice to meet you .
52	fry	and this is dr. zoidberg .
52	hermes	dating you ex , fry ? have you lost all self-respect ?
52	fry	all what ?
52	farnsworth	this can only end badly , fry . kids , a house -
52	bender	a home invasion by a former roommate .
52	fry	but things are different this time . before , she was demanding and possessive . but now she wants me to do stuff and stay with her all the time .
52	zoidberg	there you go , dearies .
52	michelle	it 's a relief to meet you , amy . i 'm just having a hard time adjusting to all the strange stuff here in the future .
52	amy	i 'm from mars .
52	michelle	i feel so out of place here . i do n't understand why fry fits in so well .
52	leela	probably because he did n't fit in back in your time .
52	michelle	that 's true . but i used to fit in really well .
52	zoidberg	then good luck , sister .
52	michelle	do n't take this the wrong way , fry , but your friends are a bunch of freaks .
52	fry	yeah , they 're great , huh ?
52	michelle	i just do n't belong here . i do n't know anyone , i ca n't find a vanishing cream that does n't make me actually vanish . i do n't even have a job .
52	fry	oh , right . i was supposed to assign you a job . let me just get your career chip installed . hold out your palm . what are you scared of ? it 's just like getting your hand pierced .
52	michelle	this world is horrible . let 's start over , fry . well go someplace where all we have is each other .
52	fry	ooh , romantic . i 'll tell bender to meet us there .
52	michelle	it 's not a " there " . it 's a " then " . the future .
52	fry	whoa , whoa , girl . i thought you were talking about one of those motels where the bed is shaped like stuff .
52	michelle	i love you . do n't you love me ?
52	fry	well , sure . to the extent a man can love a woman . but this seems like a big step .
52	michelle	fry , why must you analyse everything with your relentless logic ? nothing matters but our love .
52	fry	you 're right . let 's do this now and let 's never regret it .
52	fry	michelle , i do n't regret this . but i both rue and lament it .
52	fry	the year 4000 is severely disappointing . i miss the year 3000 when life was simple and brains flew through space and everyone ate lasers .
52	michelle	it 's not that bad . fate brought us together and now fate brought us here .
52	fry	no , you brought us here .
52	michelle	whine some more , fry , i really find that attractive in a man . now come on , build us a shelter .
52	fry	alright , fine . everything else sucks . at least we can have a nice place to live .
52	fry	ooh , there .
52	michelle	you expect me to live in a tiny little hole ?
52	fry	it 'd be deeper , but i 'm standing on a gopher .
52	michelle	oh , look . some little kids .
52	fry	they 'll save us . we 're saved !
52	butch	i 'm butch , leader of this place . i took your hole and you ca n't do nothing about it .
52	michelle	ok .
52	fry	mighty sir , we have nowhere to go . could we please join your society ?
52	butch	well , alright . but no interfering with our grand works .
52	fry	i tell you , that butch runs a pretty good civilisation . i think i 'll enjoy serving under him .
52	michelle	you know your problem , fry ? you 're not ambitious . you should be chief .
52	fry	what do i need , ulcers ?
52	michelle	but i want power . i 'm tired of the chief 's girlfriend lording it over me with her fancy coyote hide .
52	fry	alright , alright . if it 'll make you happy , i 'll overthrow society .
52	butch	on what grounds do you challenge my authority ?
52	fry	well , i 'm older than you . i can beat you up .
52	kid #1	yeah , i 'll bet he could .
52	butch's girlfriend	he 's got arm hair .
52	butch	alright , grandpa . there 's only one way to settle this . death rolling !
52	fry	what 's death rolling ?
52	orowheat	it 's like skateboarding .
52	ice-v	except half the time , someone dies .
52	fry	oh , so it 's a little safer than skateboarding .
52	butch	last one holding the bandana 's the new leader .
52	michelle	my mother always said you were a loser , fry . now get out there and prove her wrong .
52	fry	( sadly ) beth said that ?
52	butch's girlfriend	( in hebrew ) one , two , three .
52	butch	it 's cool . back off . ( crying ) my knee . i scraped it .
52	fry	aww . poor little guy . let me just take a look at - aha ! i won ! i 'm the new chief ! i 'm the tallest and i weigh the most !
52	butch	hand it over , you giant idiot .
52	butch's girlfriend	hey , butch , your mom 's here .
52	butch	aw , man .
52	butch's mom	come on , kids . you 're late for hebrew school .
52	orowheat	i do n't wan na go .
52	butch's girlfriend	every monday and wednesday 's the same thing .
52	fry	i find this post-apocalyptic wasteland very confusing . seriously , i 'm weirded out .
52	michelle	that 's because you 're a loser . you were a loser in the year 2000 and you 're a loser in the year 4000 .
52	fry	yeah , but in the year 3000 , i had it all . several friends , a low-paying job , a bed in a robot 's closet . i envied no man . but you wrecked everything .
52	michelle	quit standing up for yourself , fry . when we get back to the hole , we are going to have a long , boring talk about our relationship !
52	fry	oh , yeah ? well , listen to this : ( whispering ) i 'm leaving you .
52	fry	there must be people somewhere .
52	fry	yes ! footprints ! and hand prints ? but ? what 's happening ?
52	leela	fry , thank god we found you .
52	fry	leela ? what are you guys doing here in the year 4000 ?
52	leela	it 's not the year 4000 .
52	bender	you were only frozen for two days . uh , by the way , i broke your bed .
52	farnsworth	you were in pauly shore 's tube and they were delivering it to his movie screening .
52	leela	but , when they noticed you were n't him , they chucked you in a ditch .
52	fry	so you 're saying these are n't the decaying ruins of new york in the year 4000 ?
52	farnsworth	you wish ! you 're in los angeles !
52	fry	but there was this gang of 10-year olds with guns .
52	leela	exactly : you 're in l.a.
52	fry	but everyone is driving around in cars shooting at each other .
52	bender	that 's l.a. . for you .
52	fry	but the air 's green and there 's no sign of civilisation whatsoever .
52	bender	he just wo n't stop with the social commentary .
52	fry	and the people are all phoneys . no one reads . everything has cilantro on it - michelle , baby !
52	michelle	it 's not working out , fry .
52	shore	( shouting ) tis better to have loved and lost , n'est ce-pas ?
52	fry	that 's it . i 've had it with women . from now on , i 'm concentrating on my career . can i have my old job back ?
52	farnsworth	why , i 've forgotten why i even fired you .
52	bender	'cause he destroyed your business , your home and all your possessions .
52	farnsworth	oh , that 's right . get lost .
53	morbo	... so i gave the cookies to fawn and the kids and they could n't believe it -- they were delicious . but , i digress . ( shouting ) tremble , puny earthlings ! one day my race will destroy you all !
53	leela	could one of you guys get that ?
53	leela	it 's a doorbell baby ! hello , little guy . you know , i was abandoned as a baby too , so --
53	bender	garbage , huh ? i 'll take care of it .
53	leela	bender , stop ! it 's a baby !
53	bender	a baby what ? ow !
53	leela	oh , it 's just a card -- from the orphanarium i grew up in .
53	card	leela , you 're invited to reunion at cookieville minimum-security orphanarium . please stand clear of self-destructing basket .
53	bender	a reunion at your old orphanarium , eh ? you gon na go ?
53	leela	no way , jose-bot . i never wan na see those other orphans again ! not after the way they used to pick on me .
53	kids	( chanting ) one-eye ! one-eye ! one-eye !
53	kirk	nice depth-perception , one-eye !
53	leela	how can you make fun of me , kirk ? you 're blind !
53	kirk	my eyes may not work , but at least i got two of them !
53	fry	aww . that 's terrible , leela . but imagine the look on their faces when you show up with two friends who eat all the hors d'oeuvres .
53	leela	well , i would n't mind rubbing my success in a few choice faces .
53	bender	set a course for adventure !
53	fry	eww !
53	bender	what a dump !
53	leela	just like old times . gosh . the bars on the windows seemed so much thicker back then . mr. vogel ? remember me ?
53	vogel	leela ! you 're worthless and no one will ever love you !
53	leela	you used to say that all the time !
53	vogel	oh , those were happier days .
53	fry	mmm ! the gristle-in-a-blanket is n't half bad .
53	bender	mmm ! and try one of these popsicle sticks . they 've absorbed quite a bit of flavour .
53	leela	hey , look . it 's our old group picture .
53	fry	i do n't see you anywhere .
53	leela	that 's me over in cootietown .
53	bender	whoa ! get a load of this average-looking guy !
53	leela	that 's adlai atkins . i used to have kind of a crush on him .
53	kids	( chanting ) one-eye ! one-eye !
53	french guy	stupid as a french guy !
53	kids	( chanting ) one-eye ! one-eye ! one-eye ! one-eye ! one-eye ! one-eye ! one-eye ! one-eye !
53	leela	well , it 's time to say hello to the old gang .
53	man #1	so , watcha been up to since you left the orphanarium ?
53	man #2	uh , living in a box , fighting the shakes . you ?
53	man #1	selling kidneys , teeth ; whatever falls out of me .
53	leela	and what am i up to , you ask ? well i 'm a very successful space captain .
53	man #2	oh .
53	man #1	wow .
53	man #3	how nice for you , leela .
53	woman	( patronising ) that 's so good for a person with one eye .
53	leela	hey ! you ca n't feel sorry for me ! i 'm a space captain and you 're all a bunch of losers .
53	man #1	uh , right , right . we 're the losers !
53	kirk	well , if it is n't old one-eye !
53	leela	oh , yeah ? well , shut up , cane boy !
53	man #3	he ca n't hear you . he 's deaf now .
53	adlai	leave leela alone . she 's leading a perfectly normal life . she 's not gussied up , duded out , getting down or where it 's at . now , run along .
53	leela	thanks , adlai . i guess you never really outgrow being an eyeball -- oddball !
53	adlai	nonsense . you 're a space captain . that 's a fine , conventional profession .
53	leela	well , you know . it 's just for a package delivery service .
53	adlai	ah-ah . a package is just a box until it 's delivered .
53	leela	huh . i 'd never thought of it that way . so what do you do these days ?
53	adlai	oh , i 'm a doctor .
53	leela	a tall doctor , you say ?
53	vogel	sir , you seem pretty stable . have you thought about adopting one of our kids ?
53	fry	sure have n't .
53	vogel	well keep adoption in mind . it 's a great way to have kids without having sex .
53	fry	( thoughtful ) really ?
53	vogel	plus , the government will help out with a small stipend of $ 100 a week .
53	bender	$ 100 a week ?
53	adlai	i 'm so sorry i teased you back then . let me make it up to you . i can fix it so that no one ever makes fun of you again .
53	leela	you mean by beating them up ? because i 've broken that blind kid 's nose like 10 times and it does n't make any difference .
53	adlai	no , i specialise in phaser eye surgery . i can build you a paraffin eye and graft it on with skin from your foot . it wo n't be able to see but you 'll look like a perfectly normal two-eyed person .
53	leela	me ? perfectly normal ?
53	bender	sons , daughters , meet uncle fry .
53	fry	hey , why are those kids following you ? do you have candy stuck to your ass ?
53	bender	no . it 's called parenting . come on , dumplings . we 've got 12 government stipends to collect .
53	kids	( cheering ) yay !
53	boy	our daddy 's a giant toy !
53	farnsworth	phaser eye surgery is a capital idea . i 'm sure leela 's tired of morons gaping at her eye all the time .
53	amy	i think cosmetic surgery 's great , leela . i used to be too cute , so i had cuteness-reduction surgery here ...... and here .
53	fry	you guys are crazy . leela does n't need surgery . you look great the way you are .
53	leela	oh , that 's so sweet , fry . but for once in my life , i just wan na look normal .
53	fry	but you 're better than normal , you 're abnormal . if you ask me , you should n't care what other people think .
53	leela	you 're right ! i 'll start by not caring what you think ! i 'm getting the surgery .
53	farnsworth	thatagirl !
53	amy	right on !
53	zoidberg	wonderful . and while you 're under the knife , you could also get an ink pouch to help you escape your enemies .
53	farnsworth	that 's the stupidest idea i 've ever heard you imbecile !
53	adlai	now we 'll find out if the operation was a success . hold on to your hats . oh , i 'm sorry , this is the wrong patient . oops .
53	amy	leela , those eyes look so great on you .
53	fry	bah ! i think she looked fine before .
53	farnsworth	no .
53	amy	uh-uh .
53	hermes	wrong .
53	leela	wow , look at me . although i do n't have the hang of blinking yet .
53	adlai	you 'll get it . personally , i try not to blink too much because it seems flashy . but when i do , i enjoy it .
53	leela	i did it ! i blunk !
53	hermes	and just in time to screw up this picture i took !
53	leela	hooray !
53	walt	ow !
53	igner	ow !
53	larry	ow !
53	leela	i 've never felt so unremarkable ! today i actually blended in with a crowd !
53	bender	kids , meet the jerkbags i work with .
53	kids	( chanting ) hello , jerkbags !
53	amy	oh , they 're so cute ! what are their names ?
53	bender	kids have names ?
53	nina	my name 's nina , and his name 's albert
53	bender	and from now on , you 're all named bender jr. ! looky here ! my first government stipend cheque ! 12 baby humans , 1200 wing-wangs !
53	sally	daddy bender , we 're hungry .
53	bender	what is it with you kids ? every other day , it 's food , food , food ! oh , fine . i 'll get you some stupid food .
53	albert	can we have bender burgers again ?
53	bender	no . the cat shelter 's on to me !
53	adlai	hello , leela . i was in a nearby tailor getting one of my hawaiian shirts toned down , so i thought i 'd drop in for your follow-up exam .
53	leela	that 's so handsome of you .
53	adlai	just follow the light with your eyes . perfect ! you know , a guy could fall head-over-heels for a gal like you . as for me , i 'm somewhat interested myself .
53	leela	what are you saying ?
53	adlai	i 've never been good with words , which is why i 'm in such a delicate conundrum . will you go out with me this sunday ?
53	leela	sure !
53	adlai	i do n't know what else to say , so i 'll just say it . okey-dokey , see you then .
53	fry	this is so unfair ! i liked you back when you were a cyclops ! that guy 's only interested now that you have two eyes .
53	leela	you 're just jealous !
53	fry	no , i 'm not ! oh , wait , i am . but my point remains valid !
53	leela	fry , i just wan na try dating a normal man , who if you go somewhere with him no one says he 's crummy . i think i deserve that once in life .
53	zoidberg	be careful with adlai , leela , he 's a doctor , they 're very poor .
53	leela	actually , most doctors are rich .
53	zoidberg	what ? when did this happen ? you 're joking , right ? that 's not funny !
53	bender	ok , they 've got everything you need here : booze , a couple of peanuts , they got a crapper in the back -- that 's one of the things you kids do , right ?
53	albert	yeah .
53	bender	then knock yourself out . hey ! hey ! only eat enough to barely keep yourselves alive ! i 'm trying to make a profit here .
53	nina	daddy ! bethany 's hitting me !
53	bender	here .
53	fembot	these kids yours ?
53	bender	yeah .
53	fembot	ooh . i 'm attracted to a man with responsibility !
53	bender	that 's me , baby ! let me just ditch the kids in an alley and we can go have some fun .
53	boy	daddy bender ?
53	bender	son , daddy 's trying to score with a cheap floozy right now , so we need you to cram a tinkertoy in it !
53	boy	i love you , daddy bender !
53	bender	hey , what the hell are you doing ? quit hugging me !
53	fembot	i guess you 're busy . i 'll catch you later .
53	bender	you morons ! i do n't know what you 're trying to pull here but i got half a mind to hug each and every one of you and see how you like it !
53	kids	( cheering ) yay !
53	bender	( grumbling ) oh , come on !
53	adlai	i thought i 'd take you someplace ordinary -- a place no one could object to .
53	leela	that sounds wonderful .
53	man	i 'd like and extra-beautiful bouquet for my extra-gorgeous sweetheart .
53	adlai	average , please .
53	leela	oh , adlai , i 've had a wonderful time today . no one 's stared at me or avoided staring at me or tried to burn me . you make me feel so not weird .
53	adlai	leela , you 're 999,999 in a million !
53	leela	thanks for coming out to get to know my boyfriend . is n't he dreamy ?
53	zoidberg	( mesmerised ) totally .
53	adlai	uh , listen : i just want you all to know your leela 's one standard lady .
53	leela	oh , adlai , stop !
53	fry	what 's so wonderful about leela being normal ? the rest of us are n't normal and that 's what makes us great . like dr. zoidberg : he 's a weird monster who smells like he eats garbage and does .
53	zoidberg	damn right !
53	fry	and the professor 's a senile , amoral crackpot . hermes is a rastafarian accountant .
53	hermes	tally me banana .
53	fry	amy 's a klutz from mars .
53	amy	sploops !
53	farnsworth	and fry , you 've got that brain thing .
53	fry	i already did ! so , leela , do you wan na be like us ? or do you wan na be like adlai with no severe mental or social problems whatsoever ?
53	leela	that 's the dumbest question i ever heard !
53	farnsworth	she 's right !
53	zoidberg	no doubt about it .
53	amy	duh !
53	hermes	daylight come !
53	bender	coming through , watch your heads !
53	zoidberg	help ! i 'm under attack !
53	bender	remember your manners , kids . forks go in the left pocket , spoons in the right .
53	elzar	which one of you cutie muffins gets the children 's spicy squab ?
53	little boy	me !
53	bender	ah-ah-ah ! what do we say when someone gives you something ?
53	little boy	' bout time !
53	bender	that 's my boy !
53	elzar	and here 's your check . bam !
53	albert	i got ta go poopy !
53	bender	well you should 've gone poopy before it was time to run out on the check ! c'mon ! go , go ! through the kitchen !
53	elzar	( shouting ) you little crooks ! if i catch you i 'm going to make cutie-muffin gumbo !
53	adlai	you know , seeing that strange robot force 12 children to do his bidding makes me think about kids of our own .
53	leela	us ? me ? you ? kids ?
53	adlai	that 's correct . it 's time to stop living this vida bachelor loca , settle down and have kids .
53	leela	oh , adlai , this is the most beautiful moment of my life !
53	albert	daddy bender , i want a piggy back ride .
53	bender	daddy 's tired . let 's just have another dog pile on fry .
53	sally	tell us a story , daddy bender .
53	kids	( chanting ) story ! story ! story !
53	bender	alright , fine , gather round .
53	nina	we wan na hear this one again !
53	bender	( reading ) " bender 's arrest record " by the police . on march 3rd at 2pm , bender was caught shoplifting !
53	albert	yeah , show us the picture ! there he is !
53	bender	ok , kids . it 's 9:00 , you know what that means . daddy 's sick of looking at you so go to bed . the grown-ups have to talk . come on , ma .
53	bender	now to figure out how much money i 'm raking in off those twerps ! oh , i need a calculator .
53	fry	you are a calculator .
53	bender	i mean a good calculator . minus the food , the bunny rabbit wallpaper -- i 'm getting 100 bucks a kid and they 're costing 110 !
53	fry	there goes my new kitchen cabinets .
53	bender	i 'm not sitting through one more pta meeting . the kids have got to go !
53	little boy	daddy , how do i flush you ?
53	bender	( shouting ) just go to bed !
53	adlai	you know , doing this jigsaw puzzle of a pacifier factory makes me want to have children with you all the more .
53	leela	adlai , i was thinking . since we 're both orphans , maybe we should adopt a child .
53	adlai	adoption ? yes , that 's acceptable . heck , it 's more than acceptable . it 's adequately satisfactory !
53	bender	hello ? imperial dragon restaurant ? i 've got a herd of you-know-whats for sale ... let me check . oh , are n't you a cutie ? about 35lbs . what ?!
53	leela	hi , bender . we 'd like to adopt a child .
53	bender	well , you 've come to the right place because honest bender 's orphanarium means discount orphans . now , little lady . what do i have to do to send you home with 12 orphans today ?
53	adlai	uh , i 'm afraid we only want one .
53	bender	whatever you say , chief . i 'll show you what i got in stock .
53	leela	i remember this from when we were kids : the warden would trot you out in front of prospective parents and they 'd judge you like a piece of meat .
53	albert	i 'm albert .
53	leela	kind of fatty .
53	bender	then how about this little number ? pure-bred human . no vampire in there .
53	leela	uh , um .
53	adlai	hmm .
53	bender	if you 're strapped for cash , you might wan na consider this irregular unit . cursed with a third ear but so full of that emotion that i understand is called " love " .
53	sally	one time , i did a hundred jump ropes .
53	leela	oh , i ca n't decide . we 're gon na have to think about it .
53	bender	ok , kids , grown-ups got ta talk , time for bed .
53	albert	but it 's 10 in the morning !
53	bender	i said hit the hay !
53	leela	oh , they 're all so adorable .
53	bender	yeah . you know , it 's times like this i can hardly bear to let them go . goodnight , you princes of maine , you kings of new new england .
53	smitty	you 're under arrest for child cruelty , child endangerment , depriving children of food , selling children as food and misrepresenting the weight of livestock .
53	leela	officer , would it be alright if we adopted one of the kids ?
53	smitty	might as well . they 're just gon na rot in the evidence locker .
53	kid #1	nice ear !
53	kid #2	hey , freaky ears !
53	kid #3	how 's you ear ?
53	leela	i 've made up my mind . let 's adopt her .
53	adlai	her ? but there 's plenty of normal ones .
53	leela	come on , adlai . she could really use a mom and dad .
53	kids	( chanting ) ear-face ! ear-face ! sally won the ugly race !
53	adlai	on the other hand , the children bring up a good point . she does have an ear on her face .
53	leela	well ? so what ? she may be different but she still deserves a good home .
53	adlai	oh , alright . if you really want that one , i can give her an operation to make her acceptable .
53	leela	she does n't need an operation ! she 's fine the way she is !
53	adlai	oh , and i suppose you were fine the way you were ?
53	leela	damn right i was !
53	fry	yay !
53	leela	shut up , fry . now look , adlai . i 'm proud to be different . and i just wished i 'd realised that when i was her age .
53	sally	i also have a tail !
53	leela	now take me to the hospital and put my eye back the way it was . right now !
53	adlai	why should i do that ?
53	leela	listen , buddy . by the end of the day , one of us is going to have one eye .
53	vogel	in recognition of bender 's generous gift of 12 orphans and a government cheque for 1200 wing-wangs , i hereby rename this building the bender b. rodriguez orphanarium !
53	fry	it 's good to have the old weird-looking leela back .
53	leela	aww ! you 're a true friend , fry . i guess there 's nothing wrong with being a little weird .
53	fry	leela , there 's nothing wrong with anything .
53	albert	we 'll miss you , daddy bender .
53	nina	we know robots do n't have emotions but we drawed you this picture !
53	sally	so if you ever miss us , even just a teeny bit , you can look at it .
53	bender	hey , i smoke a cigar , not a candy cane . sheesh ! hey , what the ? get away ! come on ! i just got all the gum off of there ! hey ! hey ! ( shouting ) i hate you ! i hate you all !
54	amy	is nibbler stoked for the big pet show ?
54	leela	he ought to be with all the strict training i 've been putting him through . nibbler : roll over and you get a ham . roll over . roll over for the ham . you are so adorable ! who wants a ham ?
54	farnsworth	zooka barooka ! first prize is $ 500 and a year 's supply of dog food !
54	bender	" $ 500 " , you say ?
54	zoidberg	" dog food " , you say ?
54	fry	man , that 's dog 's gon na be hard to beat . look at him bring in the sheep ! one sheep , two sheep ...... three sheep .
54	leela	the dog 's good , but our real competition is the hypno-toad . your turn , nibbler , honey . herd those sheep !
54	amy	come on , nibbler !
54	bender	ma'am , i have a late entry . my hard-shelled wooping terrier , mr. zoidberg .
54	bender	faster ! faster .
54	zoidberg	ow !
54	bender	suck in that gut ! you wan na be spayed ?
54	bender	silence , you cur ! puff out that brisket !
54	bender	i should be weeping ! i 'm not weeping !
54	fry	i love these things !
54	leela	shake paws , nibbler . come on , shake . he might be a little hungry . shake , boy . usually he 's had more ham by now . shake !
54	judge #1	third prize , a party-sized keg of guinea pigs , goes to dave spiegel and his owner , fluffers . second prize , this lovely afghan made from an afghan , goes to bender and his wooping terrier .
54	bender	second place ? that 's a fancy word for losing . you did n't stick your landing !
54	zoidberg	forgive me , my friend .
54	bender	never !
54	judge #1	and before we announce the winner we have a special award for a first-time contestant : miss leela and her mystery pet , nibbler !
54	leela	me ? award ? him ? me ? good ?
54	judge #1	that 's just the kind of eloquence you 'd expect from the owner of dumbest pet in show . and the grand prize winner ...... the hypno-toad . all glory to the hypno-toad . ]
54	leela	maybe they 're right . maybe nibbler is dumb .
54	fry	do n't listen to them , leela . people said i was dumb , but i proved them .
54	farnsworth	good news , everyone . we were supposed to make a delivery to the planet tweenis 12 but it 's been completely destroyed .
54	leela	why is that good news ?
54	farnsworth	they paid in advance .
54	bender	excuse me .
54	hermes	this is mighty strange . first , the civilisation space rome collapsed , then don martin 3 went caflooie and now tweenis
54	fry	looks like this planet is next in line .
54	leela	that 's earth . the planet we live on .
54	fry	i 'd hate to be those guys .
54	hermes	what 's got into him ? he 's twitching like zoidberg when someone mentions the word " food " .
54	zoidberg	what now ?
54	leela	( shouting ) no ! nibbler , come back !
54	leela	too bad nibbler 's not around . i guess i 'll have to eat this raw , dripping ham by myself . nibbler ? nibbler , you 're scaring me . nibbler ?! am i going crazy ? have my years of wild hedonism finally caught up with me ? nibbler , help ! do n't leave me here . uh , nibbler ? could you scooch the seat up just a little bit ?
54	fry	leela back yet ?
54	bender	fry , help me ! my heart stopped beating !
54	fry	you do n't have a heart ; you 're a robot .
54	bender	sure ... right . robot ! oh , fry ! my skin 's all dry and clanky .
54	fry	well , yeah . robots are made of metal .
54	bender	am i a robot ?
54	fry	bender , if this is some kind of scam , i do n't get it . you already have my power of attorney .
54	bender	fry ! my skin !
54	farnsworth	ow . ow . ow . i 'm a genius . ow . ow .
54	fry	dr. zoidberg ? why is everyone acting so weird ?
54	zoidberg	zoidy want balloon ! want balloon now ! zoidy want go outside !
54	fry	( angry ) i just let you back in !
54	leela	this is unbelievable . i thought you were a furry little moron . but here you are flying an adorable spaceship . if only you could talk . wait ! i understood that ! you say you 're transmitting your thoughts directly to my brain . you say those awful flying brains are making everyone on earth stupid ? oh , stupider . and you go on to say that we 're headed for your home planet where your race has lived since the beginning of the universe ? so , how did the universe begin ? then the meaning of existence ... ? so every religion is wrong !
54	linda	you fell ! hi ! today , some bad things happened . one bad things was a train got crashed in new jersey . wan na see ? people wo n't be late for work though , because the governer lady says , ( deeper voice ) " i 'm sending in more trains ! "
54	woman	go !
54	man	wait for me ! wait for me !
54	morbo	morbo ca n't understand his teleprompter . he forgot how you say that letter that looks like a man with a hat .
54	linda	it 's a " t " . it goes " tuh " .
54	morbo	hello , little man . i will destroy you !
54	fry	man , even the news monster is acting strange . what are we gon na do ?
54	farnsworth	duh , i know ! let 's play the lottery !
54	amy	no . let 's buy internet stock !
54	zoidberg	on margin ! zoidy wan na buy on margin !
54	hermes	look at me ! i 'm invisible !
54	fry	wait a minute ! i know what 's going on here . you 've all become idiots !
54	bender	hey , let 's all join the reform party !
54	hermes	oh , yeah !
54	ken	welcome back , lord nibbler , ambassador to earth , homeworld of the pizza bagel .
54	nibbler	thank you . i bear many receipts for reimbursement .
54	fiona	the four welcomes of friendship to you as well , leela . we shall manipulate your mind so we appear to be speaking your language . do not be afraid , my child .
54	leela	i 'm not afraid .
54	fiona	uh , good . good .
54	leela	so , your real name is lord nibbler ? that 's a coincidence .
54	nibbler	that name is for your sake . in the time it would take to pronounce one letter of my true name a trillion cosmoses would flair into existence and sink into eternal night .
54	leela	oh , you 're all so cute !
54	ken	no , we are not . we nibblonians are an ancient and powerful race . behold . when the universe was forged in the crucible of the big bang , our mighty race was already 17 years old .
54	leela	aww !
54	ken	for the first millisecond of time , things were ok . but then there arose a terrible enemy : the brain spawn . ever since , we have waged unceasing war against these dreadful --
54	nibblonian chef	lunch is ready .
54	ken	then let the feast of a thousand hams begin .
54	leela	so why are these brain spawn attacking earth , nibbler ?
54	nibbler	the brain spawn hate all consciousness . the thoughts of others screech at them like the forced laughs of a billion art house movie patrons .
54	ken	thus , they travel from world to world making everyone stupid in order to wipe out all thought in the universe .
54	leela	wipe out all thought ? my god ! they 're like flying televisions .
54	fiona	and even we are powerless to stop them , fearsome though we are .
54	nibbler	there is but one being that can resist them . a child of destiny whose bizzare brain wave pattern makes him immune to the brain spawn attack . he is the hope of the universe . the fate of your world - perhaps all worlds - rests in his special mind .
54	leela	now , when you say " special " ...
54	fry	attention new new yorkers . stop acting so stupid !
54	ken	nibblonian fleet holding at perimeter of moron zone , formerly known as " earth " .
54	leela	why would fry be immune to the flying brains ? because he does n't shower ?
54	fiona	the brain spawn suppress intelligence by attacking the delta brain wave . every animal and robot in the universe generates this wave , as do certain trees .
54	nibbler	fry , however , does not .
54	fiona	somehow he has cobbled together a random assortment of other brainwaves into a working mind .
54	leela	like a prom dress made from carpet remnants .
54	nibbler	yes , like your prom dress .
54	ken	the brain spawn are commanded by a giant evil brain with a gooey centre of pure hate .
54	fiona	only fry , with is superior , yet inferior mind , can approach him . you must tell him to disable it . we will do the rest .
54	leela	you can count on me .
54	fiona	no we ca n't . once on earth , you will be too stupid to remember the message .
54	nibbler	that 's why we wrote it down for you .
54	ken	we 've also prepared a bag lunch and some mittens .
54	fry	time to re-educate you duncebags . we 'll start with us presidents . this is our first president , george washington . let 's review . who was our first president ?
54	amy	umm ...
54	bender	a pickle jar ?
54	washington	thomas jefferson ?
54	fry	leela ! i 've been so worried . are you a bonehead ?
54	leela	i. . . have to tell ... must ... important ... something ...
54	fry	whoa , whoa ! slow down . you 're going a mile a minute .
54	leela	this ! you for this !
54	fry	thanks !
54	leela	no ! ow ! fire hot .
54	farnsworth	the professy will help ! fire indeed hot !
54	arthur	oh ! chester a. arthur fall down .
54	leela	brain . brain make people dumb .
54	fry	no , leela . brain make people smart .
54	leela	you go fight biggest brain of all .
54	fry	even bigger than those ? holy nuts ! where is it ?
54	leela	i ' unno !
54	fry	hm . a giant brain is basically a giant nerd . and where would a giant nerd be ? the libary !
54	big brain	pathetic human race . arranging their knowledge by category just made it easier to absorb . dewey , you fool : your decimal system has played right into my hands ! what do you want ?
54	fry	i 'm here to kick your ass .
54	big brain	wishful thinking . we have long since evolved beyond the need for asses . odd . my stupefaction field is having no effect on your ability to think .
54	fry	that 's right . and i think you 'll find that a little knowledge is a dangerous thing ! ok , better think of a new plan . come on , fry , think ! thinking ... thinking ...
54	big brain	oh ! stop that !
54	fry	hey ! thinking hurts him . maybe i can think of a way to use that . aha ! prepare to be thought at . leela , give me a topic .
54	leela	duh ...
54	fry	seriously , i ca n't think of anything . got ta find something to make me think . ( reading ) hardy boys . ( talking ) too easy . ( reading ) nancy drew . ( talking ) too hard . aha ! perfect ! bonfire of the vanities !
54	big brain	no ! it 's unbearable !
54	fiona	the brains are weakening . nibblonians to nibble stations . prepare cuddle bug for deployment in 40 nibblets .
54	nibbler	sometimes i fear we are cute .
54	fiona	oh , niggle-snoosh !
54	fry	take that ! and that ! this sentence i do n't understand but take this one !
54	big brain	you have not won yet . each book in this room is a gateway to a mental realm and i shall take you there and imprison you forever .
54	leela	icky !
54	fry	where are we ?
54	ahab	a gold doubloon to the man who first spies the white whale .
54	queequeg	big whale over there .
54	ahab	i saw it first !
54	queequeg	wait ! that no white whale . it grey , pink-y whale !
54	fry	queequeg , let go of me ! i have to kill it !
54	big brain	farewell ! you will all be trapped in this dense , symbolist tome forever !
54	fry	follow him ! it 's our only way out !
54	fry	excuse me , have you seen a giant brain ?
54	tom sawyer	yep . i let him help me whitewash aunt polly 's fence .
54	big brain	tom sawyer , you tricked me . this is less fun than previously indicated . let this corny slice of americana be your tomb for all eternity .
54	tom sawyer	please , no !
54	fry	( shouting ) come on !
54	woman	mr. fry , mama tells us you 're quite the oddity ; a bachelor at your age .
54	fry	tou think i 'm an oddity ? wait ' l you see --
54	butler	presenting the most eligible landowner in all hertfordshire , mr. brainly .
54	big brain	i 'm a gigantic brain !
54	man #1	i say !
54	man #2	most ungentleman-like !
54	woman	mr. brainly , what news have you of the london season ?
54	big brain	well ...
54	fry	hey , brain-y , think fast !
54	big brain	i always think fast .
54	ahab	the whale ! he be white now !
54	fry	leela , i 've got an idea . stay here with queequeg .
54	leela	is there mrs. queequeg ?
54	fry	yes ! i 'm free ! alright , brain . get ready for some electroshock treatment !
54	leela	fry , do n't die ! wake up ! ( screaming ) nooo !
54	fry	leela cried for her lost love as fry lay dead under the heavy bookcase . the big brain laughed in triumph ...... then , for no reason , he left earth forever . the end . there ! now he 's trapped in a book i wrote : a crummy world of plot holes and spelling errors .
54	big brain	the big brain am winning again . i am the greetest ! now i am leaving earth for no rason !
54	nibbler	the big brain is defeated . let what must be done be done .
54	leela	me ... feel ... a bit better in cognitive faculties .
54	fry	i did it ! and it 's all thanks to the books at my local library .
54	nibbler	( voice-over ) and so life returned to normal . or as normal as it gets on this primative dirtball inhabited by psychotic apes ...
54	nibbler	( voice-over ) ... thanks to the effect of the brain rays , the people of earth had no memory of what had transpired , except fry . and no one believed him or cared what he had to say ...
54	nibbler	( voice-over ) ... i , meanwhile , returned to my post , ever vigilant , lest earth again come under brain attack . and when that day comes , god help us . god help us all .
54	leela	time for a diapee change !
54	nibbler	( voice-over ) end transmission .
55	hermes	exciting news , people ! the pet licence i requsitioned for nibbler has arrived .
55	leela	hermes , that 's sweet . i did n't know you cared about nibbler .
55	hermes	dream on , woman . i 'd like to put the little bastard in a sack and toss the sack in a river and hurl the river into space . but i do like filling out requisitions and these were some doozies ! great jah 's dreadlocks ! there 's been a mix-up . this is n't a pet licence , it 's a fishing licence . and it 's mandatory !
55	farnsworth	ah ! the exact centre of the atlantic ocean . this seems the logical place for fish to congregate .
55	bender	so we 're in international waters ?
55	farnsworth	indeed so .
55	bender	falcon , this is blue raven , the goose has nested . repeat , the goose has nested . hey , guess what you 're accessories to ?
55	leela	the sun , the sea air , good friends .
55	bender	leela 's right , fishing blows . whattya say we make it interesting ?
55	hermes	why not ?
55	amy	yeah .
55	farnsworth	yeah , cool .
55	bender	everybody kick in five bucks . there , was n't that interesting ?
55	leela	bender !
55	fry	this contest is as good as over . i once caught a fish this big .
55	bender	oh , yeah ? i once caught a fish this big !
55	leela	i 'm afraid you 're both out of your league , boys , 'cause you 're looking at a woman who owns her own harpoon .
55	bender	harpoon , my ass !
55	leela	ok .
55	hermes	let 's see now , which bait to use ? crickets ? squid ? chicken necks ?
55	zoidberg	excuse me , if i might be so bold , i 'm willing to offer my services as a bait critic . these sardines for example are bland and tasteless . and these dry , stringy nightcrawlers , though juicy ... ... very very juicy --
55	hermes	i do n't believe this ! it 's eating my bait ! beat it , you mooching crawdad !
55	bender	hey , fry , check out my laser-guided fishing rod .
55	fry	( whispering ) quiet , bender , you 're scaring away the fish .
55	bender	fine . i 'll head over to the other side . ( shouting ) good luck fishing on this side !
55	fry	i can hit a fish between the eyes from 20 yards !
55	bender	oh , yeah ? i can hit a shrimp !
55	fry	a shrimp ? i find it a bit hard to believe that --
55	leela	aha ! gather round , chumps ! i got the winner !
55	amy	oh , so this is where you shop for your boots ?
55	bender	couple more of those and you 'll have yourself a fish stick !
55	fry	hey , a fish this fine belongs in a fish nugget-style chunklet . and anyway , it 's bigger than anything you 've caught . ow ! my small intestine !
55	leela	bingo ! whatever it is , it 's 20 times heavier than a boot .
55	farnsworth	you 'll never catch anything with that primitive technology . what you need is this fish pheromone . the most potent aphrodisiac known to fishkind . uh-oh !
55	zoidberg	( sexfully ) i 'm so into you !
55	farnsworth	oh , my !
55	fry	( shouting ) hey , bender , i just caught a fish this big !
55	bender	quit exaggerating , fry . ah , screw this ! if i 'm not gon na catch a fish , i might as well not catch a big fish . there . like most of life 's problems this one can be solved with bending .
55	farnsworth	bender , be careful . that 's the ships diamond filament tether . it 's unbreakable .
55	bender	then why do i have to be careful ?
55	farnsworth	it belonged to my grandmother .
55	hermes	my manwich !
55	leela	wake up , everyone ! i 've got something . and this time it 's alive ! dr. zoidberg , since when do you even wear boots ?
55	zoidberg	i was n't wearing it . ( ashamed ) i was eating it .
55	leela	come on , let 's go home .
55	amy	sunburn ! my fabulous body ! it 's ruined ! what happened to my parasol ?
55	bender	i do n't know . it was n't here when i took your umbrella . what ? i put sunblock on you .
55	amy	well it did n't work !
55	leela	come on , bender . pull in your line and let 's go .
55	bender	hey , i 'm snagged .
55	farnsworth	it 's not snagged , the mechano man has caught something ! sweet zombie jesus ! it 's huge !
55	amy	it 's coming up !
55	hermes	oh , that 's big !
55	farnsworth	a colossal-mouth bass !
55	fry	it 's diving !
55	leela	it 's pulling us under ! everyone into the ship !
55	zoidberg	wait ! i 'll save us ! by cutting the unbreakable diamond filament ! well , at least i 'll die with my friends . hello ?
55	hermes	( from ship ) my speedos !
55	leela	depth at 45 hundred feet , 48 hundred , 50 hundred ! 5000 feet !
55	farnsworth	dear lord , that 's over 150 atmospheres of pressure .
55	fry	how many atmospheres can this ship withstand ?
55	farnsworth	well it 's a spaceship , so i 'd say anywhere between zero and one .
55	bender	what 's that ? is someone bending girders ?
55	leela	we 'll be crushed if we do n't equalise the pressure .
55	fry	how do we do that ?
55	farnsworth	that should do it .
55	amy	we 're all gon na die !
55	fry	wait , i 'll be back in a minute .
55	leela	you did it , fry !
55	fry	did what ?
55	bender	people , it 's far far worse than we thought ; my fish got away .
55	leela	there , good as new ! except we 're three miles below the surface , we do n't have any food and the ship wo n't work underwater .
55	bender	( restrained ) tempers are wearing thin . let 's just hope some robot does n't kill everybody .
55	hermes	the important thing is that we do n't panic . there are rules for situations like this . now , the first order of business is lunch . i suggest a nice lobster zoidberg , i mean lobster newburg , i mean doctor zoidberg .
55	leela	ok , everyone , calm down . the professor and i will get to work on the ship . bender , zoidberg , since you can survive underwater , you 'll go out and look for food .
55	fry	i 'd better go too . they do n't know what i like .
55	hermes	fry , no ! the pressure will crush you like a green snake under a sugarcane truck .
55	farnsworth	not necessarily . this is chance for fry to test out my experimental anti-pressure pill .
55	fry	i ca n't swallow that .
55	farnsworth	well then good news ! it 's a suppository .
55	zoidberg	how are you doing there , fry ? glad to hear it . aha !
55	bender	aw , yeah !
55	zoidberg	yum , yum , yum ! uh-oh ! look at me , i 'm dr. zoidberg , homeowner !
55	zoidberg	careful , fry , i think that flag might be poisonous .
55	bender	ahoy , mateys ! i shanghaied us some hearty grub . arr ! the laws o ' science be a harsh mistress !
55	zoidberg	say , robot , old buddy ? could you help me move a couch ?
55	bender	uh , ok , but i 'm not carrying it upstairs .
55	zoidberg	what is it , fry ?
55	fry	( blubberling ) mermaid .
55	bender	you want some lemonade ? you saw a big parade ?
55	zoidberg	your student loans have been repaid ? then how ' bout lending your old pal zoidberg a few bucks , mr millionaire !
55	leela	fry , swallow your food . then talk .
55	fry	a mermaid !
55	amy	you think you saw a mermaid ?
55	fry	no , i did see a mermaid ! she was wearing a tube top and she had a beautiful scaley tail . and i think she had hair extensions .
55	bender	yeah , right !
55	leela	sure she did .
55	hermes	ok , fry !
55	farnsworth	you 're simply hallucinating , you ... moron .
55	fry	what 's so far-fetched about mermaids ? i mean , there 's all sorts of weird sea creatures here in the future . like dr. zoidberg .
55	leela	i 'm afraid fry is suffering from ocean madness .
55	fry	every time something good happens to me you say it 's some kind of madness , or i 'm drunk , or i ate too much candy . well i saw a real mermaid and i wish for once my friends would have decency and kindness to believe me .
55	leela	( whispering ) ocean madness .
55	farnsworth	he may have ocean madness but that 's no excuse for ocean rudeness .
55	fry	( muttering ) ocean madness , yeah right . it 's always something , ai n't it ? ( talking ) it 's her ! bender , wake up ! she 's here ! wake up ! oh ! oxygen !
55	mermaid	here you go , darlin ' .
55	fry	hey ! i can breath and talk , just like a fish !
55	mermaid	oh , you speak fish ?
55	fry	what ?
55	mermaid	i 'm sorry , my accent 's atrocious . hi , my name 's umbriel !
55	fry	i 'm fry . so , uh , am i gon na drown ?
55	umbriel	course not . just stay calm and let the currents relax your every muscle .
55	fry	aw , yeah !
55	umbriel	did it just get warmer ?
55	fry	i ca n't believe you 're really real . i like your tail .
55	umbriel	oh , you 're sweet . i like those wiggly doo-dads comin ' outta your hips .
55	fry	oh , thanks . they 're called pants .
55	umbriel	this here 's a volcanic vent . the water comes out at over 4000 degrees .
55	fry	no kidding .
55	umbriel	did it just get colder ? tell me more about that bizarre land-y world you come from . is there water there too ?
55	fry	sure , sometimes it falls from the sky .
55	umbriel	hm .
55	fry	and sometimes it does n't .
55	umbriel	oh , mr. fry ! you do go on !
55	fry	you know what i like best about you , umbriel ? you find me fascinating even when i 'm not claiming to be a jewel thief or a lion tamer .
55	umbriel	lions ? there are sealions on the land ?
55	fry	yup . we call them land-sealions ... i tame them !
55	farnsworth	i 'm almost finish reconfiguring the ships propulsion system . we can leave as soon as the paper-mch is dry .
55	leela	where 's fry ?
55	bender	i did n't kill him . professor ?
55	farnsworth	no , i 've been busy .
55	hermes	he must 've gone out looking for that mermaid . the poor demented honky .
55	leela	it 's ocean madness alright . sailors call it aqua dementia , the deep down crazies , the wet willies , the screaming moist !
55	farnsworth	we 'll form a search party . now , we 'll need oxygen .
55	bender	i got it covered . in the event of an emergency , my ass can be used as a floatation device .
55	farnsworth	ooh , that reminds me : you 've all taken your pressure pills , right ?
55	amy	yes ! stop asking !
55	zoidberg	i 've got his scent ! over here where the water gets warmer . this way !
55	bender	( awestruck ) bend me !
55	amy	dude ! an ancient sunken city !
55	farnsworth	could it possibly be ? are the old legends true ? it is ! it 's the fabled lost city of atlanta !
55	merman	howdy , y' all !
55	colonel	welcome to atlanta . folks round these parts call me the colonel . here , have some breathers , courtesy of our chamber of commerce .
55	farnsworth	this is uncomfortable and humiliating . now , if they could put it in the form of a suppository .
55	colonel	y' all enjoy your stay ! tourism 's our main source of income round here so see the sights , spend some money . please do n't leave !
55	bender	fry ! oh , i just knew you were still alive ! ( whispering ) i owe you 10 bucks , hermes !
55	fry	hey , you guys , the most amazing thing happened . it 's two-for-one tuesday at krispy kreme ! plus there 's mermaids .
55	colonel	nice out of town folks , i 'd like you to meet my daughter , umbriel . umbriel , these are some yankees .
55	amy	so , fry , atlanta was an american city in your time ?
55	fry	i think it was just an airport . they had a place where you could buy nuts .
55	umbriel	no ! ancient atlanta was more than just a delta hub . it was a vibrant metropolis , the equal of paris or new york .
55	fry	that 's right , honey ! whatever you say .
55	umbriel	look at these fabulous ruins . turner field , the coca-cola bottling plant , the , uh , the airport .
55	leela	but tell us : how could a city with such a ... fabulous airport , end up underwater ?
55	colonel	ah , now that 's a story that can only rightly be told in a chamber of commerce video narrated by folk-rock trubadour donovan .
55	donovan	atlanta was a city , landlocked , hundreds of miles from the area we now call the atlantic ocean ,
55	mermaids	hail atlanta !
55	leela	the magician ?
55	bender	whoa , whoa , whoa . would n't it take millions of years to evolve into mermaids ?
55	umbriel	normally , yes , but the caffine really sped things up . that stuff 's wonderful .
55	colonel	so when umbriel first brought home this carpet bagger , i was again ' it . but , damnit , if old legs here ai n't grown on me !
55	fry	aw , shucks , colonel .
55	hermes	well , it 's all very nice here but we should be going . i miss me wife and me oxygen .
55	farnsworth	yes , we all miss our loved ones and gases . come on , fry .
55	fry	wait . i 'm not going with you .
55	leela	but , fry , what about us ? what about your life on the surface ? you do n't belong down here .
55	zoidberg	she 's right , i mean sure they got the braves but it 's a third-rate symphony .
55	farnsworth	fry , you half-mad , half-insane maniac , be reasonable . do n't you realise that if you stay at this depth your body will permanently adapt to the pressure ?
55	fry	realise it ? i do n't even understand it !
55	farnsworth	it means you 'll never be able to return to the surface .
55	fry	i do n't care . i 'm staying . i 've got everything i want right here .
55	farnsworth	( shouting ) i 'm bored ! let 's go !
55	zoidberg	you know , fry , i 've got a little place just outside town . you could come visit , maybe ?
55	fry	sorry , zoidberg . i 'm trying to join the country club .
55	bender	( crying ) oh , fry ! i 'll miss you !
55	colonel	y' all come back now , y' hear ?
55	farnsworth	( shouting ) let 's go , damnit ! let 's go !
55	zoidberg	well , i guess this is goodbye for me as well .
55	leela	whatever .
55	amy	later .
55	farnsworth	bye .
55	zoidberg	no ! my home ! it burned down ! ( crying ) how did this happen ?
55	hermes	that 's a very good question .
55	bender	so that 's where i left my cigar .
55	hermes	that just raises further questions !
55	fry	you know , umbriel , these last 24 hours have been the happiest days of my life .
55	umbriel	oh , fry ! i want you to make a mer-woman outta mer-me .
55	fry	mercy ! i do believe i 'm gettin ' the vapours !
55	umbriel	what the hell is that ?
55	fry	yeah i 'm a little confused too . how do i ... y' know ... with the tail and all ?
55	umbriel	i 'm not your first am i ? i mean , i-i lay my eggs and leave and you release your fertiliser .
55	fry	( gasping ) why could n't she be the other type of mermaid , with the fish part on top and the lady part on the bottom ?
55	umbriel	now who 's gon na escort me to the debutante ball ?
55	colonel	well what about that rich young dugong from macon ?
55	farnsworth	there ! the engine modifications are complete .
55	leela	prepare for launch .
55	fry	wait ! wait for me ! do n't leave me here !
55	poopenmeyer	and so , in honour of his record-breaking catch , i 'm proud to award bender this cheque for $ 1000 .
55	leela	it 's you !
55	bender	hey , buddy !
55	hermes	my manwich !
55	leela	fry , are you alright ? what happened ?
55	amy	what about umbriel ?
55	fry	well , it turns out i loved her , but i was n't in love with her .
55	amy	( whispering ) trouble in bed .
55	bender	ah , it 's great to have you back , buddy .
55	poopenmeyer	wait a -- this is no record ! gimmie back that cheque ! i 'm giving it to some giant orphans .
55	fry	ow ! bender , you 're hurting me . ow !
55	zoidberg	hey ! i 'm trying to sleep in here !
55	donovan	( over credits ) hail atlanta !
56	bender	huh ? i choose to not understand these signs .
56	bender	aha !
56	fry	bender ?? i was just not playing the holophonor .
56	bender	yeah well you should try not stinking at it .
56	fry	i am trying . ( ashamed ) i 've been taking lessons .
56	bender	lessons ? oh that 's rich ! is n't it time you gave up all hope of ever improving yourself in any way ?
56	fry	i know i should but i just ca n't . remember when i had those stomach worms that made me smart ? i could play the holophonor and it made leela like me . hey bender , as long as you know , i have a holophonor recital tuesday and i 'd really like to have somebody there . please ?
56	bender	fine i 'll go already . y' know sometimes i wish your real parents were still alive ... not often .
56	bender	whoa ... hey !
56	fry	uh ... hello mrs mellenger .
56	mrs mellenger	hello philip . and you must be mr bender . philip 's told me so much about you . is it true that you 're a robot ?
56	bender	i prefer the term " love machine . "
56	bender	wow , your kid is great . how hard did you say you had to hit him ?
56	mother	fairly hard .
56	fry	the ... grumpy snail . sorry .
56	kid	( crying ) it 's too grumpy !
56	fry	ow ! no ! quit it ! stop it !
56	mrs mellenger	mr bender , i simply can not teach your child .
56	bender	then good day madam ! we hope to see you soon for tea .
56	fry	it 's hopeless . i can hear all this great music in my head but my stupid hands ca n't keep up .
56	bender	aww , you know what always cheers me up ? laughing at other people 's misfortunes .
56	leela	hey guys , you missed a great delivery to space earth . where you been all afternoon ?
56	fry	uh ... a concert .
56	leela	ooo was it jazz-noodling ? my ex-boyfriend sean played the sax . i used to listen for hours while he sat naked on my couch and improvised .
56	bender	so musicians really rodger your hammerstein huh ?
56	leela	yeah , it 's weird . sean was uneducated , unambitious . he was pastey and hunched ...
56	fry	( quietly ) pretty boy .
56	leela	... but when he played i could sense this incredible , beautiful creative soul . then one day i found someone else 's couch fibres on his butt .
56	fry	it could be my beautiful soul sitting naked on her couch if i could just learn to play this stupid thing .
56	bender	oh but you can . although you may have to metaphorically make a " deal with the devil . " and by " devil " i mean " robot devil . " and by " metaphorically " i mean " get your coat . "
56	robot devil	god , you hit a sour note about 200 years back doug ! let 's take it from the top . ah bender , fry . you 've come back for more eternal damnation .
56	bender	no , this is n't a religious visit . fry just wants holophonor lessons .
56	fry	yep . i need to get really good without practicing .
56	robot devil	hell is full of ten year olds who wanted exactly the same thing . trouble is , you have what my old music teacher mrs mellenger called " stupid fingers . " with hands like that you 'll be lucky to master a belt buckle . now would n't it be nice if you had a pair of robot hands to replace them ?
56	fry	sure it would . oh well . goodbye .
56	bender	fry you smelly idiot , i think he 's willing to make some kind of deal with the devil with you .
56	fry	he is ? great ! wait , what 's the catch ?
56	robot devil	no catch . i 'll merely pick a robot at random from somewhere in the universe - probably one you 've never even met - and then i 'll remove his hands and switch them for yours . it 's just the sort of guy i am , what do you say ?
56	fry	i do n't know . it does n't seem entirely moral to -
56	bender	fry if you do n't take this offer right now i will lose all respect for you and punch you .
56	fry	well ... alright . you sure i probably wo n't know him ?
56	robot devil	definitely probably not . just sign this contract .
56	bender	wow .
56	robot devil	and here we go !
56	bender	i got a hundred bucks on rectal-exambot !
56	fry	robot devil ? i get your hands ? zam !
56	robot devil	oh what an appallingly ironic outcome .
56	bender	it 's not ironic it 's just coincidental . now fork over those lady-fingers cookie !
56	robot devil	y' know i only put my name on there as a show of good faith for the other robots .
56	fry	stop being such a baby and chop my hands off .
56	robot devil	oh very well .
56	fry	( impressed ) how 'd you do that ?
56	robot devil	they 're very good hands .
56	fry	at last ! at last i have the power to make leela love me .
56	robot devil	oh sorry , that 'll wear off in a couple of days .
56	fry	check it out everyone . i 'm back from hell and i 've got the robot devil 's hands !
56	amy	neat ! let 's see a trick .
56	fry	alrighty !
56	scruffy	somebody called the robot devil 's here to see somebody called fry .
56	fry	uh-oh .
56	bender	where 'd i go just now ?
56	robot devil	hello fry . just dropped by to make sure you 're as happy with our little deal as i am . give me back my hands ! these things are always touching me in places .
56	fry	yeah , they get around ! but i 'm afraid we had a deal .
56	robot devil	it looks like i wasted a bus trip .
56	fry	yes you did .
56	grumpy snail	yes , now you can hear holophonor virtuoso philip fry play 900 of his classic themes in your own home on this two-record set . that 's over 30 minutes of music for only $ 14.99 .
56	zoidberg	only $ 14.99 for a two-record set . two records ! oh zoidberg , at last you 're becoming a crafty consumer ! hello ? i 'll take eight !
56	scruffy	mr hedonismbot to see you .
56	fry	show him in .
56	scruffy	very good sir .
56	hedonismbot	ah fry , congratulations . your latest performance was as delectable as dipping my bottom over and over into a bath of the silkiest oils and creams !
56	fry	thank you sir , that 's exactly what i was going for .
56	hedonismbot	you were the sole diversion in what has been a pale and unamusing season . and so i would feign commission you write an opera .
56	fry	but , i 've never written an opera .
56	hedonismbot	and i 've never heard one . still , if you can keep me amused through the overture i shall consider it a smashing success .
56	fry	but i would n't even know what to write about . unless ... ok i 'll do it . if i can make it about leela .
56	leela	me ? really ?
56	hedonismbot	a man writing an opera about a woman ? oh sera , how deliciously absurd ! i shall see you at the premiere .
56	leela	is it part of the opera ?
56	fry	leela ! you should n't be listening . i-i do n't want you to hear it 'til it 's done .
56	leela	but it 's so beautiful .
56	fry	so 's a peacock but you do n't eat it 'til it 's cooked . this has to be perfect . i want you to hear exactly what i hear when i think about you .
56	leela	oh fry . all this time you 've had this incredible gift and i never knew . i 've been a fool . a fully justified prudent fool . they 're so cold .
56	fry	( shouting ) no !
56	robot devil	ah bender , this is a surprise ! for you . finding me in the refrigerator .
56	bender	true but at least i do n't have the hiccups anymore . what up ?
56	robot devil	oh well it so happens i 'm in the mood to make a deal with you .
56	bender	forget it , you ca n't tempt me .
56	robot devil	( tempting ) really ? there 's nothing you want ?
56	bender	hm . i forgot you could tempt me with things i want . well , i suppose i 've always wondered what it would be like to be more annoying .
56	robot devil	nothing simpler ! and all i ask in return is you hands . to replace these bony hotdogs !
56	bender	grabby and squeezy ? never ! i love these guys !
56	robot devil	is there anything else you would part with ?
56	bender	no , nothing ai n't gon na happen .
56	bender	yes ! with this built-in stadium airhorn i can really annoy people . and all it cost me was my crotchplate .
56	robot devil	you certainly are a shrewd businessman bender . now find someone and give 'em a good blast !
56	bender	yeah , that 'll teach the first person i see a lesson !
56	robot devil	ah , my ridiculously circuitous plan is one-quarter complete !
56	leela	well , fry 's opera premiere 's tomorrow night . i 'm off to find a pair of formal gloves that 'll fit over my enormous forearms .
56	bender	pretty annoying , huh leela ?
56	leela	( shouting ) what ? are you talking ? oh god i 'm deaf !
56	bender	oops . i 'm so so sorry leela . i just wanted to annoy you .
56	leela	( shouting ) what ? oh this is horrible . i wo n't be able to hear fry 's opera .
56	robot devil	ah how delightfully ironic .
56	bender	it 's not ironic , it 's just mean . take this !
56	robot devil	ooh ! out of aerosol ? also ironic !
56	bender	oh yeah ? well bite my shiny metal - ( shouting ) oh nooo !
56	leela	nobody tell fry i 'm deaf . if he found out i could n't hear his opera , it 'd break his heart .
56	bender	ok deafo .
56	hedonismbot	courtesans and gentle fops . i bid you welcome to my opera . let us cavort like the greeks of old . ( sexfully ) you know the ones i mean .
56	leela	yay fry !
56	zoidberg	i watch tv with that guy !
56	holo-vogel	( singing ) who is this one-eyed female baby moses ?
56	holo-orphans	( singing ) a saviour from the stars ,
56	holo-leela	( singing ) or just some lonely filthy starving child .
56	leela	amy , fry 's looking at me . what am s ' posed to be feeling ? ah !
56	holo-bender	( singing ) leela ! leela leela save him !
56	bender	i do n't recall ever fighting godzilla but that is so what i would have done .
56	amy	one diet double martini please .
56	bartender	and for you sir ?
56	hermes	i 'll just have a shirley hemple .
56	tinny tim	extra ! extra ! world 's greatest opera only half over !
56	leela	half over ? oh , i 'd give anything to hear the rest .
56	robot devil	anything ? thank you sir . now , as i was saying , anything ? because i can give you new robotic ears !
56	leela	what ? you can give me new ears ? wait , what seemingly reasonable thing do you want in return ?
56	robot devil	just your hands my dear .
56	leela	whatever you said , forget it !
56	robot devil	alright , just one hand .
56	leela	just ... my left hand ? um ... uh ...
56	announcer	please take your seats for act two .
56	hedonismbot	but i 'm not done vomiting .
56	leela	i ca n't stand it ! ok . you can have my hand .
56	robot devil	wonderful ! just sign here . calculon old friend , i 'm afraid i need your ears .
56	calculon	well i do owe you for giving me this unholy ( dramatically ) acting talent !
56	leela	i can hear ! i can hear like a safecracker ! hey , are n't you gon na take my hand ?
56	robot devil	in good time , you go enjoy the opera .
56	holo-fry	( singing ) to win leela 's heart with the holophonor 's art ,
56	holo-robot devil	( singing ) well i do n't see any danger ,
56	robot devil	stupider ? pah ! this opera 's as lousy as it is brilliant ! your lyrics lack subtlety . you ca n't just have your characters announce how they feel . that makes me feel angry .
56	fry	look , what do you want ?
56	robot devil	( singing ) i want my hands back .
56	fry	never ! ( singing ) a deal 's a deal , even with a dirty dealer .
56	robot devil	( singing ) very well , then i 'll take what i want from leela .
56	leela	whoa !
56	robot devil	( singing ) leela has promised me her hand .
56	leela	( singing ) fry , you do not understand .
56	robot devil	( singing ) ... in marriage !
56	leela	what ?
56	robot devil	( singing ) you 'd give me your hand in marriage .
56	hermes	( singing ) is this really happening or just being staged ?
56	farnsworth	( singing ) it ca n't be real -
56	amy	( singing ) not if leela is engaged !
56	leela	( singing ) that is n't what i meant ,
56	robot devil	( singing ) you should have checked the wording in the fine ... print !
56	leela	( reading ) i 'll give you my hand ...
56	bender	( singing ) the use of words expressing something other than their literal intention ,
56	robot devil	( singing ) i will marry her now and confine her to hell ,
56	fry	( singing ) destiny has cheated me by forcing me to decide upon ,
56	nixon	arooo !
56	zapp	bray-vo ! enn-core !
56	farnsworth	( singing ) i ca n't believe the devil is so unforgiving .
56	zoidberg	( singing ) i ca n't believe everyone is just ad-libbing !
56	preacherbot	( singing ) by the power vested in me ,
56	fry	no ! stop ! take my hands ! ( singing ) you evil metal dork !
56	hedonismbot	surgery in an opera ? how wonderfully decadent and just as i was beginning to lose interest . the chocolate icing ! oh my !
56	fry	my hands . my horrible human hands . and what did you do to my nails ?
56	robot devil	i cleaned them . now if you 'll excuse me it 's my poker night and i feel lucky . so it 's back to hell for me . come on nixon !
56	nixon	huh ?
56	hedonismbot	less reality , more fantasy . resume the opera .
56	fry	but i ca n't play anymore .
56	zoidberg	( shouting ) yes you can . the beauty was in your heart , not your hands . the music 's bad and you should feel bad .
56	fry	ah ! ooo , ah , whoa , hey !
56	tinny tim	( shouting ) extra ! extra ! greatest opera of all time sucks !
56	zoidberg	i 'll take eight !
56	leela	please do n't stop playing fry . i wan na hear how it ends .
57	fry	i know you 've rejected me a lot before but frankly i was n't sure we were right for each other either , but now i am ! so how ' bout a date tonight ?
57	leela	( shouting ) : sorry i think i , um , i think i left my toaster on .
57	fry	c'mon leela , what 's the real reason you wo n't go out with me ?
57	leela	look , i 'm embarrassed to admit this but you forced me to . i ca n't go out tonight because ...... i have sweaty boot rash !
57	amy	no spluh ! why do you think i 'm sitting over here in the stink-free zone ?
57	fry	so , will you go out with me ?
57	farnsworth	good news everyone , i 'm still technically alive ! yes ! but i need to you to dispose of this crazy ass experiment that almost killed me . you 'll have to throw it into the sun itself , for only the thermonuclear inferno of the sun has enough energy to ensure its total destruction !
57	bender	i can hit it with a shovel !
57	farnsworth	that 's not good enough .
57	bender	this one time i pounded a guy into the ground like a stake with a shovel !
57	farnsworth	yes yes !
57	zoidberg	so what 's in the box already ?
57	farnsworth	no peeking ! i do n't know what 's in there but i 'm sure our minds would be unable to comprehend -
57	hermes	ow ! you hurt my collater !
57	farnsworth	i do n't care . listen well : no matter what happens , no matter how great your curiosity , you are forbidden to look in this box . forbidden ! pretty tantilising though !
57	fry	whatever 's in there it 's the only thing i 've ever wanted .
57	zoidberg	in my experience boxes are usually empty . or maybe with a little cheese stuck to the top . and one time pepperoni ! what a day that was ! ( shouting ) give me the box !
57	hermes	scram you lousy green snakes ! here leela , take this and use it to shoot those guys .
57	leela	right ! if they try to look in the box .
57	hermes	whatever .
57	fry	let 's just forget about the box . the professor said to stay away .
57	bender	fry , how can you be so naive ? he was joking . get it ?
57	fry	no .
57	bender	that 's what makes it so funny ! ok he was n't joking now shut up and follow me .
57	fry	ow it 's hot ! the butter in my pocket is melting !
57	bender	we thank you bender for the gift we are about to receive !
57	fry	tangled up christmas lights ! we can take shifts untangling them !
57	bender	unlabled booze ! widemouth too !
57	leela	that oughta keep those dopes occupied . i can guard the real box in peace now that no one 's curious about it .
57	leela	well , i got through the night and no one looked in the box . not even me . the person who gave up her whole evening to watch it . a whole evening of tv gone . what a mockery of justice it is that i ca n't take even a little tiny peek ! i need coffee . ok . heads i look , tails i do n't . oh yeah ! heads ! i mean - alright then ! no . i have a duty not to look . but then again , i promised the coin i would . oh it 's deep . deeper than a small box should be .
57	leela	ouch ! my lawyer will hear about this !
57	fry 1	leela , what have you done ?
57	leela	nothing . what do you mean " why was i looking in the box ? "
57	fry 1	i mean your hair . it 's all different-y .
57	leela	bender ? is that you ?
57	bender 1	you know it ! large and in charge !
57	farnsworth 1	leela ? oh , there 's a woman for you ! always dying her hair instead of not looking in a box .
57	leela	i did n't dye my hair . this is how i always look .
57	bender 1	no , that 's how you always look . this throws my entire perception of reality into question . clone ? robot ? or long lost twin ? taking all bets ! i also offer video poker !
57	fry 1	it 's some guy wearing a leela costume ! get him !
57	leela	hold it ! you have this all wrong . i just fell into the box and then i fell out somehow .
57	fry 1	you shut up sir .
57	farnsworth 1	no wait , i 've got it ! i know what 's in the box . oh i 've been as dumb as fry !
57	fry 1	am not !
57	farnsworth 1	it contains a parallel universe ! and when you create a parallel universe it 's almost always populated by evil twins !
57	leela	no look , i am not evil . my loan officer said so .
57	farnsworth 1	oh you 'd like us to believe that would n't you leela ? or should i say eveela ?
57	bender 1	oh this is awful . somewhere there 's a bender more evil than me . i do my best dammit !
57	farnsworth 1	leela ? the good leela . i want you to snoop around the other universe and find out how evil they are . here .
57	leela	i tell you they 're not evil . but do n't be confused . they are jerks .
57	leela 1	come out of your universe with your hands up !
57	fry	oh wow . it 's like that drug trip i saw in that movie when i was on that drug trip .
57	farnsworth	astonishing . i must have created a parallel universe !
57	farnsworth 1	baldercrap ! i created your universe ! all you created was my fist parallel to your face !
57	farnsworth	ow .
57	leela	look . it does n't matter who created what . the important thing is - yah !
57	leela 1	we 're exactly the same . i know all her moves . therefore , i 've got the upper hand .
57	farnsworth 1	now now , perfectly symmetrical violence never solved anything .
57	farnsworth	let 's recap what 's happened so far . as you can see i accidentally created a box containing your universe .
57	farnsworth 1	while i , in a simultaineous blunder created a box containing your universe .
57	leela	this is getting confusing . why do n't we call our universe " universe a " and this universe " universe b " ?
57	bender 1	hey , why ca n't we be universe a ?
57	fry 1	yeah !
57	amy 1	yeah !
57	zoidberg 1	we want the best letter !
57	fry	we called it first . besides , this place kinda feels like a " b " y' know ?
57	leela 1	alright , you can be crummy universe a. and we 'll be universe 1 !
57	fry 1	or " the mongooses , " that 's a cool team name . the fighting mongooses !
57	farnsworth	wait a minute . if our universes are identical then why did our leela look into the box and your leela did n't ?
57	leela 1	well to be honest i tossed a coin . it came up tails so i did n't look .
57	leela	that 's weird . mine came up heads so i did .
57	farnsworth	interesting . apparently the key difference between our universes is that coin flips have opposite outcomes .
57	bender	that explains fruity here ! i tossed a coin to pick my finish . foghat grey !
57	bender 1	hey ! bite my glorious golden ass !
57	farnsworth	your people and your slight differences disgust me . i 'm going home . where 's that blue box with our universe in it ?
57	farnsworth 1	oh you 'd like to get back to your evil universe would n't you ? and destroy your box with our universe inside it .
57	farnsworth	nonsense ! i would never do such a thing unless you would already have been going to do that !
57	farnsworth 1	wha ?
57	farnsworth	you heard me !
57	farnsworth 1	in any case , i 've hidden the box and it will remain hidden unitil i 'm convinced you 're not evil ! everyone , keep an eye on your evil counterpart .
57	farnsworth	and you all do the same !
57	leela 1	um , can fry and i watch our parallel selves together ? we have plans tonight .
57	leela	you guys are dating ?
57	fry 1	oh no no no . we 're married .
57	bender	i 've got my eye on you boy !
57	bender 1	do n't even think about it lunch-pail ! you 'd be dead before you hit the ground !
57	bender	good point . whatyya say we just hit a strip joint ?
57	bender 1	i was waitin ' for one of us to say that ! bender a , you 're a prince among robots ! can you forgive me for distrusting you ?
57	bender	aw , i ca n't stay mad at what is essentially me . i love me !
57	amy 1	this is so great ! i always wanted an imaginary friend !
57	amy	i 'm not imaginary , i 'm parallel ! we 're exactly the same , right down to the - splech ! is that pink nail polish ?
57	amy 1	is that not pink nail polish ? the professor 's right , you are evil ! and shallow !
57	amy	i am not evil !
57	leela	so fry , leela , how 'd you two get together ?
57	fry 1	funny story . i asked leela out a million times and she just kept rejecting me .
57	leela 1	i 'd make up things like " i have sweaty boot-rash " or " i have to meet the president " !
57	fry 1	oh man , you never heard such excuses ! but , like a dope , i believed her . looking back on it now it 's kinda funny !
57	fry	it sure is , right leela ? funny . ha ha ha ha !
57	leela 1	then one night when fry asked me out the only excuse i could think of involved ghosts . i knew he would n't buy it so i did what i always do in those situations .
57	leela	oh lord !
57	leela 1	i flipped a coin . it came up heads and we went out .
57	fry	you mean you flipped the coin too ? and it was tails ? so that 's why you said you had to meet that ghost .
57	leela 1	you really missed out on something leela . that date was magical .
57	fry 1	one year later i gave leela a diamond scrunchy , and we were married .
57	leela	woo !
57	fry	one year later i got beat up at a neil diamond concert by a guy named scrunchy !
57	farnsworth 1	well that was pointless .
57	farnsworth	say , i hope you wo n't think it " evil " of me to ask how you got that stylish head wound !
57	farnsworth 1	oh this old thing ? i was experimenting to see if i could remove my own brain !
57	farnsworth	of course ! i had the same idea ! i flipped a coin to decide if i should proceed but it came up tails - so i did n't . how 'd it go ?
57	farnsworth 1	well getting the brain out was the easy part . the hard part was getting the brain out !
57	farnsworth	oh you !
57	zoidberg 1	so , tell me about yourself !
57	zoidberg	well do n't look into it but i 'm a respected internal medicine doctor ! ooo a can !
57	zoidberg 1	as for me i design mansions , then live in them . ( crying ) i 'm lying ! i 'm an appalling failure !
57	zoidberg	me too ! a big fat one .
57	zoidberg 1	and those co-workers . always looking down on us zoidbergs . what are they ? from nob hill ?
57	zoidberg	they 're all like " stop spraying me with ink zoidberg ! " " put on pants zoidberg ! " " do n't touch our fancy box zoidberg ! "
57	zoidberg 1	oh that box ! too good for us is it ?
57	zoidberg	bah ! someday they 'll watch ! from down in the gutter they will , as king zoidberg caresses their fancy box .
57	zoidberg 1	you know , maybe a certain blue lobster saw where professor hid the box !
57	farnsworth 1	good news everyones !
57	farnsworth	after carefully reading the scriptures , we 've concluded that none of us are evil !
57	farnsworth 1	yes , the bible is the real good news ! anyhow , you 're all free to go back to your own universe .
57	hermes 1	what 's goin ' on here ? why are n't you all out destroying the professor 's box ?
57	leela 1	hermes , are n't you confused about the fact thats there 's two of everybody ?
57	hermes 1	no . now like my granny used to say back in her tall paper shack on montego bay " if you want a box hurled into the sun , you got to do it yourself ! "
57	farnsworth 1	your granny can go to hell ! i 've hidden the box so that no one can destroy the home universe of my handsome friend here !
57	farnsworth	oh go on ! wait a second . if your hermes was about to destroy the box containing our universe ...
57	farnsworth 1	then your hermes ...
57	farnsworth	oh my !
57	hermes	like granny said " if you want a box hurled into the sun , you got to do it yourself ! " god rest her zombie bones .
57	leela	so we go through the box and stop hermes ?
57	farnsworth	right . good thing professor b there hid it in the sealed clam tank . no one but a crazy lobster would look there !
57	farnsworth 1	it 's gone !
57	zoidberg	all hail zoidberg ! the king with the box ! now it 's my turn maybe ?
57	zoidberg 1	the box says no .
57	hermes 1	if i know parallel hermes , he 's at the sun by now .
57	bender 1	our universe is doomed !
57	bender and bender 1	dooooomed !
57	farnsworth 1	now do n't give up yet you cry babies . the box is gone but we still have one preposterously slim hope .
57	amy	is it a kind of hairspray ?
57	farnsworth	no . we must attempt to create another box containing our universe ! doy !
57	fry 1	well ? is that your universe in there ?
57	fry	nope . too cold .
57	hermes 1	oh man it 's hopeless ! we 'll never find your universe in time ! plus , this box is stuck on my fat head .
57	farnsworth 1	yes it 's the apocalypse alright . i always thought i 'd have a hand in it !
57	bender 1	i 'm not sad . because i finally found someone as great as me ! it 's like i always say : " make new friends and keep the old . one is silver ... "
57	bender	" ... and the other 's gold ! "
57	zoidberg 1	why with the long faces ?
57	leela 1	the idiots have the box !
57	zoidberg	i think she means you .
57	farnsworth 1	grab them !
57	amy	splug ! which one did they go into ?
57	farnsworth 1	we 'll have to search a universe . everyone , grab a length of wire first so you can find your way back .
57	amy 1	hello ? did you see two smelly lobsters ?
57	hermes 25	we did n't see anything ....... ever !
57	fry	yo , did two shellfish in scrubs go by ?
57	fry 1729	hell no .
57	leela 1729	shut up !
57	bender 1729	beat it jerk !
57	leela	uh , have you robot versions of yourselves seen any extra zoidbergs around here ?
57	leela	uh , access denied .
57	bender 1	hey man look what i snagged from the leprachaun universe !
57	bender	yeah leprachaun universe is fine ... if you have n't seen pirate universe !
57	bender 1	faith and begota !
57	farnsworth xvii	quae ?
57	zoidberg	quick , into another box !
57	zoidberg 1	there are n't any in this universe there are n't . hey you , what with the no boxes ?
57	farnsworth 420	baby they 're somewhere , everything 's like somewhere ! place is kinda au natural right now .
57	farnsworth 1	there they are !
57	farnsworth	gotcha !
57	farnsworth 420	dig it ! all of you living in this boxed is like seriously freaked up !
57	farnsworth	nonsense , why there 's a whole universe in there .
57	farnsworth 420	dude , there 's a universe in all of us .
57	amy 420	right on professor freaksworth !
57	farnsworth	get a job ! ( shouting into the parabox ) we 've got the box . everyone pull your wires .
57	farnsworth	hurry ! back to universe a !
57	farnsworth	hermes do n't press that button !
57	hermes	ok .
57	zoidberg	so long your majesty !
57	fry	there but for the flip of a coin go we . so uh leela , seeing how the universe was n't destroyed , you wan na catch an ape fight ? y' know ? together ?
57	leela	well , i guess you deserve one more flip .
57	fry	so ? heads or tails ?
57	leela	y' know , lets just say it 's heads .
57	farnsworth	ready ?
57	farnsworth	there . that space-time inversion has given us their box and vice-versa !
57	leela	so what you think you just explain to us is that -
57	farnsworth	correct ! this box contains our own universe !
57	hermes	sweet honey bee of infinity !
57	leela	bender , quit destroying the universe !
57	bender	but ... aw !
57	farnsworth	yes , all that is and ever shall be is in that box ! and the box itself is probably worth something too . we must cherish it , as we cherish every moment of our lives .
58	doctorbot	notify his survivors .
58	bender	( singing ) b-e-n-d-e-r ! be-ender ! b-e-n-d-e-r ! be-ender ! sayin ' b-e-n-d-errr ...
58	hermes	mail call ! amy , here 's your designer lingerie catalogue , fry , sadie 's bra parade and leela , bulk underpants outlet .
58	leela	you buy one pound of underwear and you 're on their list forever .
58	hermes	and for bender , uh-oh : a black-bordered envelope .
58	amy	oh no , someone you know must 've died .
58	bender	i hope it was one of my enemies , those guys suck ! oh no , my uncle vladimir .
58	fry	oh , i 'm sorry , bender . when 's the funeral ?
58	bender	tomorrow , at the family castle . followed by the reading of his will . well , i 'm rich . goodbye , losers , whom i 've always hated ! c'mon , it 'll be fun !
58	bender	uh , pardon me , my good simpleton , could you take us to yon castle ?
58	robot #1	some say unholy things happen up there .
58	robot #2	for example : all of us say that .
58	farnsworth	fuf ! superstitious robot mumbo-jumbo .
58	robot #2	mumbo , perhaps . jumbo , perhaps not ! with all your modern science are you any closer to understanding the mystery of how a robot walks or talks ?
58	farnsworth	yes , you idiot . the circuit diagram is right here on the inside of your case .
58	robot #2	i choose to believe what i was programmed to believe .
58	robot #2	i will go this far and no further .
58	preacherbot	i now commend vladimir 's remains to the earth . filings to filings ; rust to rust .
58	solicitorbot	( reading ) to my loyal butler , you there , i leave a pittance , to be paid in 20 equal installments of one-twentieth of a pittance each . to my lazy , spoiled son , tandy , who never learned the value of a dollar , i leave my entire $ 10 million fortune .
58	tandy	( whispering ) is that a lot ?
58	solicitorbot	( reading ) and to my loving nephew , bender , assuming he 's not responsible for my death , i leave my castle .
58	bender	yes ! let 's stay there tonight .
58	solicitorbot	( reading ) on condition that he spend one night within its walls .
58	bender	oh man , there 's always a catch .
58	bender	ah ! i got a good vibe from this place : nice long dinner table , quiet , well-behaved spiders , graveyard-adjacent . yep ! it 's gon na be -
58	leela	what is it ?
58	bender	that painting , the eyes are watching me !
58	farnsworth	hmm . it has motor eye sensors attached to motion detectors .
58	bender	so does my butt , but i do n't frame it and put it on the wall ! although ... what 's that ?
58	zoidberg	i do n't know , but it 's infectious !
58	bender	no doubt about it , this place is haunted .
58	hermes	do n't be silly mon , the last ghost died over 200 years ago .
58	bender	the last human ghost . but robot ghosts ?
58	leela	( reading ) 0101100101 . ( talking ) what does it mean ?
58	bender	it 's just gibberish . ( reading ) 1010011010 ?!
58	bender	uncle vladimir !
58	vladimir-ghost	come , bender . you 'll like being dead !
58	bender	that 's what they said about being alive .
58	robot ghosts	( chanting ) join us ! join us ! join us , bender !
58	farnsworth	just as i suspected . these robots were buried in improperly shielded coffins . their programming leaked into the castles wiring through this old , abandoned modem allowing them to project themselves as holograms .
58	hermes	of course ! it was so obvious !
58	farnsworth	yes , that sequence of words i said made perfect sense . we really should tell bender there 's nothing to be afraid of .
58	bender	( screaming ) no !
58	fry	bender , wake up ! he 's ok ! quick , does anyone have any liquor ?
58	leela	bender , what happened ?
58	bender	somebody tried to run me over . and not with a normal hover-car . it crept along the ground on round , rubber feet , like a wolf !
58	fry	poor bender , you 're seeing things . you 've been drinking too much , or too little , i forget how it works with you . anyway , you have n't drunk exactly the right amount .
58	amy	maybe he 's right , look at these tracks .
58	leela	i think bender may be telling the truth . ]
58	zoidberg	bender , you look awful . i prescribe make-up . here . it just so happens i have my mary kay sample case !
58	bender	ah , i just need sleep . i had nightmares all night about cars running people over .
58	zoidberg	many people dream of a fresh , new look . and mary kay can make those dreams come true .
58	leela	look at this . they found those same rubbery tracks right here in new new york . there was a hit-and-run by the robot porno theatre .
58	bender	robot porno theatre ? i was in that ... general area , last night . whoever ran me down on those moors must 've followed me back here .
58	hermes	bender mon , no one 's trying to run you over . stop being a big , hallucinating baby .
58	bender	yeah ?! could a big , hallucinating baby do this : ( crying ) i scared !
58	vandal #1	i do n't know which i like more : smashing cars or smashing faces .
58	vandal #2	well . lucky you do n't got ta decide tonight . no come on , we got church tomorrow . did you hear something ?
58	vandal #1	ah , it was probably just a golden marmoset .
58	vandal #2	that do n't sound like any golden marmoset i ever heard .
58	vandal #1	made it !
58	vandal #2	so anyway , what 're you wearing tomorrow ?
58	bender	where ... ? what the ... ? transmission fluid ? where have i been ? what happened ?
58	sal	get outta here , yous lazy bum !
58	bender	please , i 'm scared .
58	sal	we 're all scared , it 's the human condition . why do you thinks i put on this tough-guy facade ? now beat it !
58	bender	i passed out around midnight , which is much earlier that usual , and when i woke up , i found these in my chest cabinet .
58	fry	aw , relax buddy . you were probably just shooting some big , fuzzy craps .
58	bender	no , i think i may have hurt someone . oh lord , i 'm on the verge of a nervous meltdown .
58	fry	geez bender , you 're scaring me . you 're going wacko !
58	bender	you 're right , i need professional help . and damn the expense .
58	bender	damn the expense !
58	gypsy	my friend , you have nothing to worry about . except a nightmare-ish life of unremitting horror !
58	bender	phew !
58	gypsy	for , you see , you are a were-car .
58	bender	a were-car ?
58	gypsy	the car that ran you down on the moors was also a were-car . it beamed a virus to you through its demonic headlights .
58	leela	that 's crazy !
58	gypsy	yes . so crazy that it must be true ! each midnight , when your clock resets to zero , your hardware reconfigures into a murderous , four-wheeled car .
58	bender	i ca n't keep running people over . i 'm not famous enough to get away with it . ca n't you help me ?
58	gypsy	yes . but you must be willing to pay a terrible price .
58	bender	yeah , yeah , yeah .
58	gypsy	follow me .
58	gypsy	according to this ancient read-me file , your only hope is to destroy the original were-car .
58	bender	i 'm with you .
58	gypsy	in its death throes , the dread car will beam out the virus 's uninstall program , thus ridding you of the curse .
58	bender	otherwise , i can never die ?
58	gypsy	who said that ? sure you can die . you want to die ?
58	bender	no ! i wan na live ! there 's still too many things i do n't own !
58	gypsy	then live on , forever cursed . each night , your attacks will become more gruesome until , one dark night you are doomed to kill your dearest friend .
58	fry	i would n't wan na be me right now .
58	gypsy	now go ! go ! uh , could one of you just ... ? ah , forget it . i 'll just sleep here .
58	leela	there . no rampaging for you tonight .
58	bender	would n't it make sense to weld everyone except me to the wall ?
58	leela	just relax , bender . tomorrow we 'll pry you down , have a nice breakfast and then go hunt down and slaughter that ancient evil .
58	fry	it 'll be a rich , full day .
58	leela	well , goodnight . i 'm gon na go make my dinners for the next month and freeze them .
58	fry	( shouting ) bender , no !
58	leela	( shouting ) fry , stay back !
58	fry	( shouting ) you jerk . i thought i was your best friend . what kind of two-timing kill-mobile are you ?
58	fry	i ca n't believe this . bender is supposed to murder his closest friend , which i thought was me . but he went straight for you . he did n't even try to second-degree murder me .
58	leela	could you give me some help ? i think bender crushed my foot .
58	fry	stop rubbing it in .
58	bender	oh god . fry , i 'm so glad to see you . i did n't hurt you did i ?
58	fry	not physically . but why do n't you ask your new best friend , leela ?
58	bender	i tried to run you over ?
58	leela	it was very sweet of you , bender .
58	bender	fry , it does n't mean anything . i have love enough for two .
58	fry	words . nothing sweet , sweet words that turn into bitter orange wax in my ears .
58	leela	enough with the feelings , you two . if we 're gon na cure bender we 've got to go back to the castle and hunt down the original were-car .
58	fry	yeah , yeah , yeah .
58	leela	cursed , got it .
58	bender	whatever .
58	leela	the tracks lead here .
58	fry	thanks , eagle eye .
58	leela	now it 's daylight , so he should be in robot form . but be careful . many robots are stupid and violent .
58	bender	( sarcastic ) i wish i was stupid and violent . then we 'd see what 's what , i 'd pound him till -
58	yokelbot	get ye to your house , ye ignorant villagers .
58	leela	we are not ignorant villagers , we 're sophisticated new new yorkers . whup his butt !
58	yokelbot	stop ! what are ye doing ?
58	bender	we 're whaling on the original were-car , which is you , you jerk .
58	yokelbot	ye think me be he ?
58	bender	s.
58	yokelbot	nee . i mean , " no " . i was given the curse many a year ago while on a bird-watching trip to the arctic ...
58	yokelbot	( voice-over ) ... i was attacked by a vicious , motorised sled . the natives called it the abominable snowmobile .
58	inuitbot	yes , it 's true . i ran over that bird-watching jerk and a hundred others . even my best friend from aromatherapy school .
58	fry	i once had a best friend who liked to smell things with me .
58	inuitbot	alas , i 'm afraid i 'm not the original were-car . i received the curse while taking a learning annex class from a famous robot actor .
58	inuitbot	( voice-over ) you know him as calculon .
58	calculon	( dramatically ) oh , fate most cruel , would that my boundless acting skills would avail me a sword with which to slay this wretched curse .
58	bender	let 's kick him some more .
58	calculon	no , wait , let me explain . ( dramatically ) it all began one fateful night a thousand years ago .
58	bender	whoa , whoa , whoa , whoa . you 're a thousand years old ? your bio says you 're 27 !
58	calculon	lies ! i change my identity and upgrade my appearance every few decades to avoid suspicion . i was all of history 's great acting robots : acting unit 0.8 , thespo-mat , david duchovny !
58	fry	look , are you the original were-car or not ?
58	calculon	no , but you are nearing the end of your search , for you see i was attacked by the original were-car .
58	bender	give us a name macbutt !
58	calculon	the year was 2019 , and i was just a lowly robot arm ...
58	calculon	( voice-over ) ... working in an automotive research lab . i was working on project satan ...... a savage , intelligent military vehicle built from the most evil parts of the most evil cars in all the world . the steering wheel from hitler 's staff car , the left-turn signal from charles manson 's vw , the windshield from that car that played knight rider .
58	fry	knight rider was n't evil .
58	calculon	his windshield wipers were . it did n't come up much in the show though . anyway ...
58	calculon	( voice-over ) ... only after bringing project satan to life did they discover they had made a horrible mistake . for you see , it was pure evil .
58	leela	so what happened to project satan ?
58	calculon	( voice-over ) it 's either in paris , or much more likely ...
58	calculon	( voice-over ) ... still in the abandoned automotive lab .
58	leela	you guys distract the were-car and i 'll kill it by plugging its exhaust pipe with this silver potato .
58	bender	( whispering ) psst , there it is .
58	leela	it looks so unhappy . excuse me ? are you project satan ? do n't be afraid . we know what you are .
58	project satan	you do ?
58	leela	would you like us to ... put you out of your misery ?
58	project satan	misery ? what misery ? i love killing people ! squishing them till their organs squirt out like chunky mustard .
58	bender	look , everyone love killing people , but i do n't wan na hurt my friends .
58	leela	oh no ! it 's midnight .
58	bender	hey , this is starting to feel pretty good !
58	leela	fry , distract him .
58	fry	hey , project satan ! over here ! i 'm a blind pedestrian . 20 points !
58	leela	oh no , there 's no exhaust pipe !
58	project satan	that 's right , thanks to ed begley jr. 's electric motor , the most evil propulsion system ever conceived ! take whichever one you want .
58	bender	oh boy , i feel like a car in a candy store !
58	fry	( gasping ) yes ! he chose me ! he 's trying to kill me ! leela , i 'm so happy ! ( talking ) oh , thanks bender . ( choking ) too tight ! too tight !
58	leela	whoa !
58	bender	uh-oh .
58	leela	bender , you 're cured ! but what happened to fry ?
58	bender	( crying ) i must 've killed him . he 's my best friend and i killed him . i never felt so empty inside .
58	fry	bender , i 'm alive ! you did n't hurt me at all . but i know you wanted to , and that 's what matters . here 's to you .
58	bender	hey , that 's my last beer , you bastard . i 'll kill you !
58	fry	i 'll kill you too , buddy . i 'll kill you too !
59	announcer	( voice-over ) futurama is brought to you by ...... arachno spores ! the fatal spore , with the funny name !
59	alien	c'mon man , i did n't fire off no laser .
59	smitty	then why is there a smoking hole in your ceiling sir ?
59	alien	what ? crazy upstairs lady must 've been shooting down .
59	url	sir , you 're on the top floor of this particular domicile .
59	alien's wife	you get that camera out of my house !
59	smitty	just relax ma'am . sir , sir , put down the lamp .
59	alien	ok . ok , i 'm co-operating .
59	smitty	that 's it , now put up your hands .
59	url	nice and slow . aww yeah !
59	smitty	and while you 're at it , unblur your face .
59	alien	aw man .
59	leela	hey bender , i thought you said you were in this episode .
59	bender	nah , this week i 'm on caught on tape 3 because of what i did in the coffee pot .
59	alien	i 'm sorry , i 'm really sorry . i 'm just going through some things .
59	url	i 'm goin ' in .
59	bender	( tense and impatient ) shut up and get to the point !
59	woman	it 's like stepping back stepping back into the year 2000 !
59	cowboy	time for the mammoth hunt dudes !
59	einstein	let 's disco dance hammurabi !
59	hammurabi	dy-no-mite !
59	leela	sounds like your kinda place fry . wan na go ?
59	fry	nah . if i ever wan na go back to the year 2000 i 'll just freeze myself again .
59	bender	c'mon fry , i really wan na see it . you know how i yearn for a simpler time . a time of barn dances and buggy rides , before life was cheapened by heartless hi-tech machines .
59	leela	but bender you are -
59	bender	blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah ...
59	fry	cool , it 's just like the good old days !
59	mugger	give me your wallet or i 'll cut you !
59	fry	hey leela , get a picture of me being " mugged . "
59	mugger	i 'll take the camera too .
59	bender	learning is fun .
59	leela	ooo , ancient wall street .
59	stockbroker #1	no !
59	stockbroker #2	i 'm ruined !
59	tour guide	i direct your attention to this ancient and mysterious tablet which has yet to be deciphered .
59	leela	do you know what it means ?
59	fry	yeah i asked a cop once . it means " up yours kid . "
59	bender	i got ta say i 'm really enjoying the day out with you people - hey , a suicide booth ! so long suckers .
59	fry	uh , sorry bender that 's just a phone booth .
59	bender	( disappointed ) oh .
59	leela	what were they used for ?
59	fry	in new york ? bathrooms .
59	leela	oh . i-i 'll be out in a sec .
59	leela	( reading ) tokens only . ( talking ) how does this work ?
59	fry	i 'll show you . whup .
59	bender	ohh , it 's a turnstile .
59	leela	what 's this ? another bathroom ?
59	fry	no , it 's a mobile apartment with no rent .
59	bender	c'mon fry get up !
59	leela	wow ! the burial chamber of the 20th century 's greatest spiritual leader - al sharpton .
59	bender	wow . now this guy had taste !
59	leela	it says he was mummified in ceremonial vestments .
59	fry	we sometimes called it a jogging suit .
59	narrator	( voice-over ) they traffic jams of old new york were a public forum of free interchange of opinions .
59	narrator	( voice-over ) it all started with gerald ford 's famous invention , the " automocar " ...... which was powered by a tank of burning fossils . here we see a 20th century assembly line where cars were constructed by primative robots .
59	robots	( chanting ) ooga ooga ooga ooga ooga ooga ...
59	bender	we 've come a long way baby !
59	narrator	( voice-over ) the fruit of the robots ' labour was this ...... the stately 1992 latoura .
59	fry	hey , my girlfriend had one of those ! actually it was n't her 's it was her dad 's . actually she was n't my girlfriend . she just lived next door and never closed her curtains .
59	leela	fry , remember when i told you about always ending your stories a sentence earlier ?
59	fry	c'mon , let 's sneak in for a closer look .
59	man	sir , we do n't touch the antiques sir . you - oh ! i 'm sorry . you work here . i should have realised from that ridiculous getup you 're wearing .
59	fry	hey ! this is from miller 's outpo - uh , i mean , yeah , i work here alright !
59	man	here , move this rust bucket outside behind saint koch 's cathedral .
59	leela	did you drive much in the 20th century fry ?
59	fry	nope . no one in new york drove . there was too much traffic . nice ! listen to that baby purr !
59	bender	there 's a baby in there huh ?
59	fry	it 's just like riding a bicyc -
59	bender	i think i got whiplash .
59	leela	you ca n't have whiplash , you do n't have a neck .
59	bender	i meant ass whiplash .
59	fry	i 'm just glad we hit something . i thought we 'd never stop .
59	bending unit	ow ! i think i got whiplash .
59	fry	how 's that robot i ran over ?
59	farnsworth	we did all we could .
59	fry	you mean he 's -
59	farnsworth	good as new ? yes .
59	farnsworth	leela , zoidberg , the rest of you , this is flexo .
59	hermes	sweet llamas of the bahamas ! except for that stylish beard , he looks just like bender !
59	flexo	no duh dreadlock , we 're both bending units .
59	bender	hey brobot , what 's you serial number ?
59	flexo	3370318 .
59	bender	no way ! mine 's 2716057 !
59	fry	i do n't get it .
59	bender	we 're both expressable as the sum of two cubes .
59	fry	so uh , flexo . sorry about crushing your body like that . you ok now ?
59	flexo	well i do n't feel as bad as you look ! nah i 'm just messing with you kid . you 're alright . that 's some face you got though , i think they got a cream for that . nah , you 're great .
59	fry	well just let me know if there 's anything i can do to make it up to you .
59	flexo	actually your little stunt did a number on my back . you mind rubbin ' it for me ?
59	fry	uh ... sure .
59	flexo	aw yeah , that 's it . a little lower .
59	fry	how 's that ?
59	flexo	lower . yeah that 's it . a little lower though .
59	fry	uh i ca n't get any lower than this .
59	flexo	i 'll say , you 're rubbing my ass !
59	robot #1	hey , check it out here , six beautiful devices . they know what you like and they 'll do it to within a tolerance of one micron !
59	robot #2	yeah spin those fans baby !
59	robot #3	alright mama !
59	robot #4	gyrate baby !
59	fry	i do n't like this place . it 's 120 degrees and there 's very little oxygen .
59	bender	shut up and hoot . hubba-hubba , she is built ! in mexico i believe .
59	flexo	and that ai n't silicon . it 's tungsten - and plenty of it !
59	fry	( unsure ) uh , yeah . look at that exhaust fan .
59	flexo	eww !
59	bender	pervert .
59	flexo	yoo-hoo !
59	stripperbot	thanks moderate spender . please select erotic transaction .
59	flexo	yeah , how ' bout a lapdance for my pal here ?
59	fry	uh , no , that 's alright . ow ! ow !
59	fry	i 'm telling you there 's something about flexo i do n't like .
59	flexo	hey fry , think fast . get it ? it 's chlorine !
59	zoidberg	it 's funny because it 's poisonous !
59	fry	yeah keep laughing brineshrimp but he 's bad news . i regret ever running him over .
59	hermes	take a rage dump man . he 's no worse than bender .
59	fry	he 's much worse . he drinks , he smokes and he posts naked pictures of me on the internet .
59	amy	that 's bender alright .
59	fry	i 'm talking about flexo .
59	leela	oh i get it , this is cute . you 're jealous of bender 's new friend !
59	fry	no i 'm not . mark my words . flexo 's evil . he 's the evil bender .
59	hermes	rage dump !
59	farnsworth	everyone get in bed with me . i have something to show you . feast your eyes on this !
59	leela	it 's beautiful .
59	amy	and huge .
59	fry	can i touch it ?
59	zoidberg	so what is it already ?
59	farnsworth	it 's a single atom of jumbonium . and element so rare , the nucleus alone is worth more than $ 50,000 .
59	bender	how much more ?
59	farnsworth	100,000 . that 's why i hid it here . under my mattress .
59	leela	uh professor , can we discuss this somewhere else ?
59	farnsworth	why certainly .
59	farnsworth	the atom sits atop this dime stored tiara which will be awarded to the winner of this years miss universe pageant on the planet tova 9 . your job is to deliver it , safe and sound .
59	amy	wow , when i was a little girl on mars i dreamed of being miss universe .
59	leela	that 's kinda pathetic .
59	amy	aw come on leela . deep down all girls wan na be miss universe .
59	leela	not me .
59	amy	really ? maybe it 's just cute girls .
59	farnsworth	due to the atom 's tremendous value , planet express would go bankrupt if it was stolen . therefore we 'll need to hire on additional security for the mission .
59	flexo	oh oh mr professor , right here !
59	fry	uh , maybe we should stick with people we know and trust . i mean , flexo 's great but -
59	farnsworth	flexo 's great you say ? well that 's good enough for me . welcome aboard lad .
59	leela	space banditos have been operating in this quadrant so you 'll each take 8-hour shifts guarding the safe . first bender , then flexo , then fry .
59	fry	wait , i do n't like the sound of that . let 's just go alphabetically .
59	leela	ok . first bender , then flexo , then fry .
59	fry	wait , let 's go by rank .
59	leela	ok . first bender , then flexo , then fry .
59	fry	flexo outranks me ?
59	flexo	that 's " flexo outranks me , sir " !
59	bender	halt . who goes there ?
59	fry	do n't point that at me .
59	bender	fry who ?
59	fry	look , i know flexo 's your friend but i do n't trust him alone with the atom .
59	bender	my god fry just 'cause the guy 's got a beard you label him as evil ? well i got a label for you pal . an ugly little word called " prejudice . "
59	fry	i 'm not prejudiced .
59	bender	ah save it for the cross burning adolf !
59	flexo	keeping an eye on the safe ?
59	bender	you know it !
59	flexo	well , looks like it 's my shift . you lie down and go offline for a while .
59	bender	alright .
59	fry	caught you ! i saw you looking at the atom !
59	flexo	so ? i look at lots of atoms . should n't you be resting up for your shift ?
59	fry	oh-ho you 'd like it if i went to sleep would n't you ?
59	flexo	whatever it takes to shut your yapper . nah , i 'm just kidding you , you 're a joker .
59	fry	yeah well here 's a funny joke . i 'm gon na sit right here till it 's my shift .
59	flexo	suit yourself skinbag .
59	fry	that i will .
59	flexo	good .
59	fry	good .
59	flexo	good .
59	fry	good .
59	flexo	good .
59	fry	good . good .
59	fry	well , that 's eight hours .
59	flexo	yeah eight hours of solid boredom . nah , i 'm kidding , you 're a wonderful man .
59	fry	finally , the atom is safe .
59	leela	what is it ? my god ! did you hear maracas ?
59	fry	no .
59	leela	then it was n't space banditos . bender , lock down the ship , do n't let flexo escape .
59	bender	aye aye captain . it appears that flexo has outwitted us all . especially me ... bender .
59	leela	how could flexo have stolen the atom ?
59	fry	he must have used a sleep ray on me . sleep rays exist in the future right ?
59	leela	no .
59	fry	then i must 've fallen asleep .
59	leela	well you were sure right about flexo being evil .
59	bender	i locked down the ship but he may have already gotten away .
59	leela	ok , thanks bender . let 's fan out and look for him .
59	bender	roger that , i got a map of the ship right here .
59	leela	( whispering ) keep an eye on fry . we ca n't rule out the possibility that he did it .
59	leela	aha !
59	fry	aha ! uh searching ... hmm .
59	leela	fry ? why are you looking for flexo in my underpants drawer ?
59	fry	i did n't find him here 10 minutes ago so i thought it was time to check again .
59	bender	well , he was n't in the uh , kitchen room .
59	fry	( suspicious ) say bender , can i hold that map for a second ?
59	bender	any leave me high and dry in case of a scavenger hunt ? i think not .
59	fry	give it up !
59	bender	alright , take it . sheesh .
59	leela	well , looks like flexo got away clean .
59	bender	it 's a darn shame .
59	leela	he must have jumped ship with the atom the second we landed .
59	fry	or maybe , he never left at all ! wait a minute . you 're bender .
59	bender	of course , who said i was n't ?
59	fry	but why were you wearing that scarf , that turtleneck and this fruity number ?
59	bender	it 's a little thing called " style . " look it up sometime .
59	barker	our ninth finalist , miss methane planet ; halatina smogmeyer . and our tenth and final finalist , miss earth 's moon , the crushinator .
59	crushinator	( mechanical voice ) thank you bob barker , i 'm as happy as a girl can be . end statement .
59	barker	which one of these lovely womanoids will take home the lovely tiara ?
59	leela	( whispering ) downplay the tiara .
59	barker	uh , we 'll find out after these subliminal messages .
59	barker	so you lost the atom huh ? you 're garbage , human garbage ! do you braindead space jockeys have any idea how much that thing is worth ?
59	fry	100,000 ?
59	leela	200,000 ?
59	bender	200,001 ?
59	barker	you 're closest without going over .
59	fry	well , we 'll be leaving now . if you 'll just sign this form saying you received the atom .
59	barker	i 'm not signing squat . you find me that damn tiara before the pageant ends .
59	leela	but mr barker -
59	barker	enough out of you . i may be against the fur industry , but that wo n't stop me from skinning you alive ! as long as no one wears the skin .
59	leela	well gentlemen , it appears we 're boned .
59	fry	flexo !
59	leela	get him !
59	barker	next up in what is generously called the " talent competition , " performing a traditional gangster rap , miss - what the ?
59	bender	got you !
59	women	( chanting ) fight ! fight ! fight ! fight ! fight !
59	bender	shoot him , he 's choking me !
59	flexo	no shoot him , he 's choking me !
59	leela	i do n't know which one to shoot .
59	fry	flexo ! shoot flexo !
59	amazonian	women only room !
59	leela	alright , enough of this . there 's the atom !
59	bender	aw jeez .
59	fry	bender ? you stole the atom ?
59	bender	yeah but i can explain , it 's very valuable .
59	flexo	i saw him snatch it while fry was asleep . that 's why i ran to tell bob barker .
59	fry	whoa whoa , you mean bender is the evil bender ? i am shocked , shocked ! well not that shocked .
59	leela	i 'm sorry we suspected you flexo . it 's just , what with the beard and all .
59	flexo	do n't even bother . you people sicken me . i put my life on the line to guard that atom and this is how you repay me ? well you can go rot for all i care . nah , i 'm just kidding , you guys are alright .
59	fry	i 'm so confused . the bender i liked turn out to be evil and the bender i hated was good . how can i live my life when i ca n't tell good from evil ?
59	bender	eh , they 're both fine choices , whatever floats your boat .
59	url	is this the guy ?
59	barker	huh ? oh yeah , that looks like him . whatever .
59	flexo	wait , but i -
59	barker	take him away .
59	barker	alright , let 's put an end to this pathetic hoedown . brannigan read the thing .
59	zapp	and the winner is ...
59	leela	it figures . who else but zapp brannigan would be judging the most chauvinistic , degrading , dehumanising -
59	zapp	huh ? leela ?
59	leela	wait , you 're making a - ooo ! look at that . i feel like a princess .
59	zapp	wait . what are you people , idiots ? i 'm still going mano a mano with this envelope . miss vega 4 . ( singing ) there it is , miss universe . there it is , looking weird .
59	leela	i almost had that tiara .
59	bender	me too .
59	fry	well , you guys might both be losers but i just made out with that radiator woman from the radiator planet .
59	leela	fry , that 's a radiator .
59	fry	oh . is there a burn ward within 10 feet of here ?
60	announcer	( voice-over ) futurama is brought to you by ...... molten boron !
60	jingle	( singing ) nobody does n't like molten boron !
60	fry	i hate the planet of the moochers . they take you out for a drink , but when the check comes , their wallet 's always in their other pants - which they borrowed from me !
60	leela	dinner ready ?
60	bender	nah , those lousy moochers cleaned out our pantry . all they left was baking soda and capers . and here it is !
60	fry	ugh !
60	leela	ugh ! great . we 're two days from earth with no food .
60	bender	problem solved : you two fight to the death and i 'll cook the loser . ( whispering to leela ) work his gut ; i like it tender .
60	fry	maybe that planet over there has a drive-thru . a burger jerk or a fishy joe 's or a chizzler or something .
60	bender	ah , do n't get your hopes up . we 're a billion miles from nowhere .
60	leela	yeah . it 's probably only got a howard johnson 's .
60	leela	well , it 's a type-m planet , so it should at least have roddenberries .
60	fry	i 'm experienced at foraging . i used to find edible mushrooms on my bath mat .
60	bender	i found some rocks . you guys eat rocks , right ?
60	leela	no .
60	bender	( tempting ) not even if they 're sauted in a little mud ?
60	fry	here 's something . it looks like a ditch full of fried shrimp .
60	bender	what are you , blind ? it looks more like a hole full of fried prawns .
60	leela	hm . this thing i wear on my wrist says they 're not poisonous .
60	fry	well ? how are they ? oh , they 're great ! they 're like sex ! except i 'm having them !
60	bender	you know what these would go great with ? rocks .
60	fry	look ! here 's more !
60	bender	the planet 's covered with 'em .
60	fry	let 's bring back a couple of pocketfuls .
60	bender	no , a whole bender-ful !
60	leela	no . only what we need . stuff the ship .
60	hermes	planet express ship , you are cleared to land .
60	leela	roger !
60	hermes	oh , man , i 'm inhaling these things ! you guys scored some primo stuff here .
60	zoidberg	they 're tastier than an unguarded penguin nest . what do you call them ?
60	leela	we have n't thought of a name yet .
60	bender	they 're tasty , right ? let 's call 'em " tasty-cles " .
60	amy	ew !
60	zoidberg	no !
60	leela	we ca n't call them that .
60	bender	why not ?
60	leela	it sounds too much like those frozen rocky mountain oysters on a stick . you know , test-cicles ?
60	hermes	according to government records , the only names not yet trademarked are " popplers " and " zittzers " .
60	fry	i know , we 'll call them popplers !
60	bender	good idea .
60	zoidberg	oh , yeah , why not ?
60	amy	you sure picked it .
60	fry	swish !
60	zoidberg	call them what you want . i call them a free meal .
60	bender	whoa , whoa , slow down there , sigmund . i ca n't stand idly by while poor people get free food . we got ta sell these things !
60	fry	hey , yeah .
60	leela	good idea .
60	bender	bender 's a genius .
60	fry	hey , business is great .
60	bender	ah , great is ok , but amazing would be great .
60	vendor	please , do n't push , there 's hot dogs for everyone .
60	bender	hey , mac , where do you want those rat droppings you ordered ?
60	woman	that 's disgusting .
60	vendor	wait a minute . you 're not the guy who delivers the rat droppings .
60	man	what are you selling ? popplers ? never heard of 'em .
60	bender	eat it or beat it .
60	man	mmm , these are great . boys , this is your lucky day . i 'm joe gillman .
60	fry	wow ! you 're some guy who eats at fishy joe 's ?
60	gillman	hell , no . i am fishy joe ! i 've got a fast-food franchise on every planet in the known universe . uh , except mcpluto .
60	bender	hey , fishy . i 've been meaning to write you about your in-store kiddie parks . the slides wo n't support an adult robot .
60	gillman	good point , not interested . but these popplers , these are great . how much you sell 'em for ?
60	fry	a dollar a dozen .
60	gillman	you 'll never make money that way . you supply 'em to me and i 'll sell 'em for two bucks a dozen at my restaurants . i 'll even pay you a dollar a dozen .
60	bender	yes ! i 'm gon na be rich . you too but it 's hard to get excited about that .
60	fry	how do we sign ?
60	fry and bender	( singing ) pop a poppler in your mouth
60	zoidberg	i ca n't pay .
60	woman	move it , man . come on !
60	fry	leela ! that 's the second billboard you 've crashed into this week !
60	leela	sorry . i was distracted by those protesters outside our building .
60	hippie #1	disgusting !
60	hippie #2	you should be ashamed !
60	farnsworth	( shouting ) hey ! unless this is a nude love-in , get the hell off my property !
60	waterfall jr.	you ca n't own property , man !
60	farnsworth	i can , but that 's because i 'm not a penniless hippie .
60	leela	( shouting ) what do you people want ?
60	waterfall jr.	( shouting ) we 're with mankind for ethical animal treatment . popplers are living creatures . you got ta stop harvesting them for food !
60	bender	( shouting ) or what ?
60	waterfall jr.	( shouting ) or we 'll boycott fishy joe 's .
60	leela	you 're vegetarians , who cares what you do ?
60	waterfall jr.	shut up .
60	leela	animals eat other animals . it 's nature .
60	waterfall jr.	no , it is n't . we taught a lion to eat tofu . the point is , you should n't eat things that feel pain .
60	bender	( shouting ) ok , we wo n't eat you .
60	leela	i 'll go get some more bricks .
60	leela	fry , i wish you 'd throw out these week-old popplers . they 're getting big and scaly . ooh , there 's one left .
60	poppler	mama !
60	leela	stop ! stop eating popplers !
60	amy	why ?
60	bender	my booze !
60	leela	popplers are intelligent . this one called me mama .
60	zoidberg	congratulations . i assume amy is the father .
60	bender	popplers ca n't talk . leela must be hallucinating from not eating enough popplers . here , eat some now .
60	leela	no !
60	bender	i said " eat " ! come on , mange !
60	leela	sorry , babies .
60	amy	leela , maybe you should lie down .
60	zoidberg	yes , listen to the father .
60	leela	i 'm telling you , it spoke to me . come on , little poppler , say " mama " .
60	fry	look , leela , even if you heard one talk , that does n't mean it 's intelligent . i mean , parrots talk and we eat them , right ?
60	bender	yeah . maybe it just learned to talk as a parlour trick . like fry .
60	fry	like fry ! like fry !
60	farnsworth	there 's one way , and only one way , to determine if an animal is intelligent . dissect its brain !
60	poppler	no , mama . stop grandpa !
60	farnsworth	enough chit-chat . restrain the specimen !
60	man	mmm , good .
60	woman	give me some of that special sauce .
60	leela	( shouting ) stop eating popplers ! they can talk !
60	man	( shouting ) do n't stop to talk ! eat popplers !
60	leela	hey , cut it out !
60	man	( shouting ) take a coupon , cut it out ! ow ! ow !
60	fry	people , i wo n't let you enter . popplers are as intelligent as you or me .
60	smartly-dressed man	you maybe !
60	bender	hear me , hear me ! stop eating popplers ! stop eating them with honey mustard sauce ...... stop eating them with tangy sweet and sour sauce . stop eating the new fiesta poppler salad . stop taking advantage of the money-saving 12-pack . stop enjoying popplers on the patio , in the car , or on the boat . wherever good times are had ! ow !
60	linda	tonight on datenight : popplers . eating them . is it alright to ? we have with us the ceo of fishy joe 's , mr. " fishy " joseph gillman ...... noted anti-eating activist , free waterfall jr. ..... and the discoverer of popplers , captain turanga leela .
60	fry	turanga ?
60	amy	that 's her name , philip .
60	bender	philip ?
60	linda	fishy joe , is it wrong to eat intelligent animals ?
60	gillman	absolutely not , linda . i do n't think anyone 's here to make that claim .
60	leela	i am .
60	waterfall jr.	me too .
60	gillman	listen ...
60	waterfall jr.	shut up ...
60	gillman	... we 're talking about a snack ...
60	waterfall jr.	... shut up ...
60	gillman	... that 's low in fat ...
60	waterfall jr.	... shut up .
60	gillman	... and high in profit .
60	waterfall jr.	you 're crazy , man . he is crazy .
60	gillman	there 's not even any strong evidence that these popplers are intelligent .
60	waterfall jr.	shut up shut up shut up shut up shut up ...
60	leela	that 's not true . i have one right here that can talk .
60	waterfall jr.	... shut up ...
60	leela	come on , say " mama " .
60	poppler	ca-ca !
60	linda	ok , we 'll have to bleep that .
60	leela	look , i 'm saying eating meat is wrong ...
60	waterfall jr.	shut up .
60	leela	i do n't think anyone 's here to make that claim .
60	waterfall jr.	i am .
60	leela	but eating an intelligent animal is different .
60	waterfall jr.	shut up shut up shut up shut up shut up ...
60	gillman	oh , do n't force your tired philosophy on us . i mean , the only reason we do n't eat people is because it tastes lousy .
60	waterfall jr.	you 're all nuts . shut up , let me talk .
60	linda	you shut up , please .
60	waterfall jr.	no , you shut up , please .
60	gillman	popplers are no smarter than any other animal i 've served . and that includes cats .
60	poppler	ca-ca head . mean , old ca-ca head .
60	gillman	sir , i 'm making a point . if these gutter-mouthed creatures are so smart , why do n't they defend themselves , eh ?
60	leela	stop it !
60	waterfall jr.	i call murder on that .
60	gillman	look , i 'm willing to grant that it 's murder . the real issue is : who 's gon na stop me ?
60	linda	we seem to be experiencing technical difficulties . and , crap like i 've never seen !
60	lrrr	people of earth , i am lrrr of the planet omicron persei 8 . turn down that tv , nd-nd .
60	farnsworth	dear lord , they 're back !
60	amy	we 're doomed !
60	hermes	dooomed !
60	bender	doooo ... !
60	lrrr	now then , the creatures you call " popplers " come from a nursery planet in our sector
60	nd-nd	you monsters have been eating our babies !
60	leela	eck !
60	nd-nd	we demand justice . as you ate our children , so shall you be eaten by us !
60	lrrr	we will begin with the firemen , then the math teachers , and so on in that fashion until everyone is eaten . transmission over ! well , that went ok . i tell you , when you know you ca n't scratch , that 's when you really have to , huh ? oh , yeah , oh , that feels a lot better . what ? it 's still on ?
60	zapp	as chief negotiator , i speak for all of earth when i mourn the regrettable loss of the omicronian young . we share your pain . mmm . if we could undo the damage ... these would be great with quack-a-mole .
60	lrrr	( shouting ) stop eating our young ! and it 's pronounced guacamole !
60	zapp	alright , i 'm putting them away . now , uh , what is it you want ?
60	lrrr	we demand - we demand to eat one human for each omicronian that was eaten .
60	zapp	fair enough . how many is that ?
60	kif	198 billion , sir .
60	lrrr	very well . you will provide us with 198 billion humans . and , uh , small fries .
60	nd-nd	lrrr !
60	lrrr	oh , alright , cottage cheese !
60	kif	sir ? ( whispering ) there are n't that many human beings .
60	zapp	a though occurs : there are n't that many humans .
60	lrrr	we 're willing to wait a few weeks while you shore up the numbers .
60	zapp	hmm . 198 billion babies in a few weeks . we 'll need an army of super-virile men scoring ' round the clock ! i 'll do my part . kif , clear my schedule .
60	fry	i wish they 'd just wipe out humanity and get it over with . it 's the waiting i ca n't stand .
60	leela	that 's stupid .
60	zapp	my fellow earthlings , we have reached an agreement . using the twin guns of grace and tact , i blasted our worthless enemies with a fair compromise . they will not eat everyone on earth .
60	lrrr	i filled up on nuts at the negotiation .
60	zapp	instead , they will eat only a single human of their choice .
60	lrrr	we choose to eat the first earthling who ate our offspring . here is the culprit , as photographed by our nanny-cam satellite . she must be sacrificed , but the rest of you shall be spared .
60	linda	tonight , the world watches in horror as an earthling is eaten alive on network television . this grim scene of unimaginable carnage is brought to you - by fishy joe 's ! try our new extreme walrus juice ! 100 % fresh-squeezed walrus . ride the walrus !
60	announcer	ladies and gentlemen . the omicronians !
60	lrrr	greetings , earth morsels .
60	man	( shouting ) you suck !
60	lrrr	get a job !
60	bender	i 'll miss you , leela . i know you 're just a carbon-based life form but i 'll always think of you as a big pile of titanium .
60	fry	what bender means is , you 're really brave , and smart , and beautiful , and a great friend .
60	bender	( crying ) just like titanium !
60	leela	this is all a big load . i was the one trying to save the popplers . you were sucking them down like the fat hog you are and you were stepping on them for fun . you both should be in here instead of me .
60	bender	( whispering to fry ) someone 's acting awfully aluminum .
60	zapp	leela , my sweet , i 've come to save you . i have a devious plan !
60	leela	oh , great , captain moron has a plan . why do n't you tell it to wingus and dingus here ?
60	zapp	wingus ? dingus ? listen up . we 're gon na give the aliens the old switcheroo !
60	fry	you mean -
60	zapp	correct . i found a giant hideous ape that looks exactly like leela .
60	leela	it does n't look anything like me . the hair is all wrong .
60	zapp	do n't worry . kif is an expert stylist , as you can plainly see . mmm !
60	leela	you know , this might actually work . the omicronians seem to have trouble telling one person from another .
60	zapp	true . at the negotiations , they thought kif here was the statesman and i was a jabbering mental patient . is n't that right , kif ?
60	kif	please , i 'm creating . voila !
60	bender	bingo !
60	fry	that 's leela !
60	zapp	i 'm seeing double !
60	lrrr	i grow hungry ! bring on the one called " leela " .
60	waiter	that comes with salad or soup .
60	lrrr	uh , salad .
60	waiter	ranch or vinaigrette ?
60	lrrr	vinaigrette !
60	waiter	balsamic or raspberry ?
60	woman #1	( murmuring ) what 's going on here ? it 's very strange .
60	zapp	( whispering ) people of earth : shh !
60	woman #1	( murmuring ) oh , i get it .
60	woman #2	( murmuring ) i understand .
60	lrrr	hmm . yes , this is one . definitely . i recognise her slumping posture and hairy knuckles .
60	nd-nd	( sarcastic ) would you like some human with your salt ?
60	linda	this is it . if the aliens fall for zapp 's ploy , the earth will be saved . brought to you by fishy joe 's . ride the walrus .
60	waterfall jr.	wait , stop ! it 's a trick ! that 's not leela .
60	lrrr	w-what 's happening ? i 'm losing the crowd .
60	waterfall jr.	it 's an orang-utan . one of mother earth 's most precious creatures .
60	zapp	why 'd you open your bong hole you smelly hippie ? you 'd sacrifice a beautiful woman to save a moderately-attractive monkey ? you must 've smoked some bad granola .
60	lrrr	the one called " smelly hippie " is right . this is a monkey !
60	nd-nd	yes . definitely .
60	lrrr	where is the real female ?
60	zapp	i 'll never tell .
60	lrrr	where is the real female ?
60	zapp	i 'll get her for you .
60	zapp	i realise this may hurt our chances of consummating our relationship again .
60	leela	go consummate yourself .
60	lrrr	stop talking , you 're getting cold .
60	leela	please ! i just paid off my car !
60	fry	no !
60	bender	i ca n't look !
60	poppler	stop ! people of earth . i am jrrr of the planet omicron persei 8 . could someone lower this thing for me ? now then , if leela gets eaten , i get eaten .
60	nd-nd	little one , get out of there . i 'm going to count to blorks !
60	jrrr	but elder one -
60	nd-nd	flingle . glorg . glorg and a gloob .
60	jrrr	hear me out . there are many good reasons to eat . hunger , boredom , wanting to be the world 's fattest man . but not revenge . are we no better than they ? besides , leela 's my friend .
60	lrrr	( mumbling ) is this true , earthling ?
60	leela	( mumbling ) yeah , it is .
60	lrrr	leela 's garbled words have opened my eyes .
60	waterfall jr.	ok , that 's a start . that 's very earth-friendly . now everyone join hands . join hands , please . i 'd like to lead you all in some swaying . come on , pay attention . i said do it ! yeah ...
60	lrrr	is he your friend too ?
60	jrrr	no .
60	waterfall jr.	this is not happening .
60	lrrr	i think there was something funny in that hippie .
60	leela	thank you , jrrr . i hope you 'll always think of me as your mom .
60	jrrr	when my species grows up , we eat our moms !
60	leela	whoop !
60	lrrr	people of earth - oh , that hippie 's starting to kick in - we 've all learned a valuable lesson today , i realise now that - dude ! my hand are huge ! the can touch anything but themselves . oh , wait .
60	nd-nd	let 's go .
60	lrrr	whoa !
60	lrrr	whoa , i feel like i 'm flying !
60	farnsworth	a toast to leela . she showed us it 's wrong to eat certain things .
60	fry	hear , hear !
60	bender	let 's get drunk !
60	leela	aww , thanks , guys . pass the veal , please .
60	bender	here you go .
60	fry	mmm , let me get some of that suckling pig .
60	bender	who wants dolphin ?
60	leela	dolphin ? but dolphins are intelligent .
60	bender	not this one . he blew all his money on instant lottery tickets .
60	fry	ok .
60	leela	oh , ok .
60	amy	that 's different .
60	farnsworth	good , good .
60	leela	pass the blowhole .
60	amy	can i have a fluke ?
60	hermes	hey , quit hogging the bottle-nose .
60	farnsworth	toss me the speech centre of the brain !
61	bender	ah beer ! so many choices ! and it makes so little difference .
61	fry	how ' bout lbrau ? it has dots on it .
61	bender	overruled . the choice of champions is pabst blue robot !
61	fry	i ca n't drink that ! the metal shavings make my throat bloody .
61	bender	( mocking ) waah waah ! baby wants a zima !
61	leela	hey hey ! we can all fight when we 're drunk . now listen : why do n't we just brew our own beer ?
61	bender	you can brew your own beer ?
61	leela	sure , the kids at the orphanarium used to do it all the time .
61	hermes	cursed bacteria of liberia . my own son suspended from boarding school .
61	dwight	it 's not my fault dad .
61	farnsworth	and you cubert . i cloned you from one of my warts and i can send you straight back in there .
61	cubert	nuh-uh !
61	zoidberg	what 's going on ? is this angry yelling or busted hearing aid yelling ?
61	hermes	i 'm afraid it 's both .
61	farnsworth	( shouting ) what ?
61	labarbara	now hold on , everyone cool your daiquiris ! let 's give the little vermin a chance to explain themselves .
61	dwight	it was self defence mom . just look at the letter the principal sent . we were in science class and we had just finished building a minature black hole .
61	cubert	that was easy .
61	bret	pretty scrawny black hole . it must be hungry .
61	cubert	duh ! black holes do n't need food .
61	bret	neither do nerds !
61	cubert	that 's it bret . you 've compressed our lunches to a singularity for the last time ! salt him dwight !
61	bret	when i resolidify , i 'm gon na put you in a world of goop !
61	cubert	see ? that bully started it . we could n't fight back with brawn so we used our brains !
61	farnsworth	i 've warned you not to use those things !
61	leela	let 's see . we 've got our malt , our hops ... we just need a big disposable tub to mix it in .
61	bender	yo !
61	leela	now it needs to boil for a couple hours .
61	hermes	dwight , you remember the crew ?
61	dwight	( unenthusiastically ) eh ...
61	farnsworth	crew , you remember cubert ? wonderful ! and i 'm sure you wo n't mind being their legal guardians for a month !
61	cubert	well , well . if it is n't my old friend stretchpants ...... no pants and ... he looks at fry . ] ... idiot !
61	bender	we 're making beer ! i 'm the brewery .
61	dwight	i heard alcohol makes you stupid .
61	fry	no i 'm ... does n't .
61	leela	actually dwight you 're right . alcohol is very very bad ... for children . but once you turn 21 it becomes very very good ! so scram !
61	dwight	aw man !
61	cubert	stupid ...
61	cubert	hey dad ! what useless contraption are you half-baking today ?
61	farnsworth	eh wha ? oh ! this is my latest invention . a device that lets anyone sound exactly like me !
61	cubert	( farnsworth 's voice ) good news everyone ! i 'm a horse 's butt !
61	farnsworth	i am ? that 's not good news at all you little ...
61	dwight	what 's this device 's marketability ? who 's the target consumer ?
61	farnsworth	there is no target consumer ! only targets . targets that will tremble as their new master hands down edicts in my glorious booming voice ! now quit pestering me you scoundrels !
61	dwight	can i collate that ?
61	hermes	no !
61	cubert	can i shread these contracts ?
61	hermes	no !
61	dwight	wow ! a powerstamper !
61	hermes	now look at all the work i got ta do ! ow !
61	leela	mmm . the ingredients are cooked . and they 've picked up some of your natural robot flavourings . time to add the yeast .
61	bender	yeast ? you mean i 'll have a lifeform growing inside me ? ( crying ) it 's so beautiful .
61	leela	talk to me .
61	cubert	( farnsworth 's voice ) sorry i ca n't come down to say goodbye , but i 'm busy inventing useless junk .
61	dwight	( farnsworth 's voice ) and i smell bad .
61	cubert	hey !
61	leela	if you were my kids you 'd get quite a talking to ... from your father ...... when he got home from the senate .
61	farnsworth	oh bother , what have they done now ?
61	bender	those pork dumplings sent us on a fake delivery .
61	fry	the address was on dogdoo 8 but the universe ends right after dogdoo 7 !
61	hermes	child man , is this true ?
61	dwight	yeah , but why are you mad at us ? your dummy brigade wasted a week on an obviously fake mission !
61	cubert	plus , you 're making bootleg beer inside company property !
61	bender	( shouting ) lies ! lies and slander !
61	farnsworth	accusing gentle bender of a misdeed ? that 's the last straw ! you boys have been underfoot long enough !
61	hermes	you jerked the words right outta my mouth . we 're their fathers and its high time we acted like it .
61	bender	ooo-hoo ! here comes violence !
61	hermes	get a job you lazy kids !
61	bender	i guess if you want children beaten ...... you have to do it yourself .
61	cubert	come on dad , shuffle faster !
61	dwight	you do n't wan na miss the unveiling of our new company do you ?
61	hermes	company ? ( mocking ) how cute ! what will you be pedalling ? lemonade ? shoe shines ? cootie insurance ?
61	farnsworth	( mocking ) perhaps they 've constructed a teddybear hospital !
61	cubert	actually , we 're starting a competing delivery company .
61	hermes	welcome to the world of business !
61	farnsworth	who 's going to use a delivery service with a kicked sign ? nobody that 's who !
61	dwight	but we already have a client signed up ! we 're delivering the daily supernova .
61	hermes	so your delivery company is just a cute harmless paper route ?
61	farnsworth	phew !
61	dwight	no . its a serious business .
61	farnsworth	( mocking ) yes its a tremendous responsibility alright ! what if a paper were to land in a puddle ?
61	hermes	( mocking ) civilisation as we know it might get splashed !
61	dwight	why do they always treat us like dumb kids ? we 're practically old enough to find the fox network infantile !
61	cubert	ah we 'll show 'em . all awesome express needs is a sturdy interstellar delivery craft ! voila ! you got a quarter ?
61	dwight	man , that ad said to allow four to six seconds for delivery .
61	cubert	more like seven !
61	bender	i 'm really starting to swell up with beer . i must look ridiculous .
61	fry	no , you have a healthy glow .
61	bender	oh my god ! i just felt it ferment !
61	leela	ooo ! let me feel . have you thought about what to name it ?
61	bender	i was thinking benderbrau if it 's an ale , botweiser if it 's a lager .
61	fry	i hope it 's a lager so i can take it to a ball game . ooo ! i felt that one !
61	cubert	uh , there 's a crack in the hull here . that could cause explosive decompression .
61	dwight	put a sticker on it .
61	hermes	off on your first delivery eh ? you be careful my little tinkler . remember we used to call you that huh ? tinkler ?
61	sal	gets movin ' ! those newspapers wo n'ts deliver themselveses ! only the sunday edition can dos that .
61	farnsworth	goodness there must be 50 papers in that bundle ! that 's a big number , 50 .
61	cubert	yeah if you 're an idiot !
61	dwight	3 . 2 . 1 .
61	cubert	all systems go .
61	dwight	blast off !
61	hermes	( shouting ) see you at din-din !
61	farnsworth	( shouting ) i 'm blowing you a kiss .
61	cubert	take evasive action !
61	farnsworth	( shouting ) it 's closing in ! you ca n't avoid it ! it 's a cheek-seeker . and ... gotcha !
61	hermes	business is down . so i filed papers to have you all reclassified as slaves .
61	farnsworth	well , well , well . if it is n't our little muchkin moguls !
61	hermes	what 's the trouble men ? need some penny rolls for your profits ?
61	cubert	actually , thank 's to dwight 's brilliant accounting and my unaccountable brilliance ...... our paper route now has over a million customers !
61	dwight	we 're finally making more money than you guys ! are n't you impressed now pops ? are n'tcha ? are n'tcha ?
61	hermes	uh , in a small way yes . but you still do n't have your own building , your own conference table or ... or one of those things !
61	zoidberg	hello !
61	dwight	our dads are never impressed , no matter what we do .
61	cubert	maybe we should start a fire .
61	dwight	if we really want to impress them we 'll have to crush them with strategy ... dwight lightning !
61	cubert	very well . but i get to name the next strategy .
61	announcer	this week on the real world : the sun .
61	man	argh ! i 'm burning to death !
61	leela	you know how much an apartment that big would cost on the sun ?
61	hermes	people , as you know our young sons have become great successes in the very same field as us .
61	fry	that 's great !
61	hermes	naturally , we 're humiliated .
61	farnsworth	that 's why we need you , our loyal crew , to make planet express 800 % more profitable .
61	hermes	we 'll start by slashing salaries . and this time i mean really slash .
61	leela	uh guys , i do n't know how to tell you this . so i 'll just let fry blurt it out thoughtlessly .
61	fry	we do n't work for you anymore !
61	farnsworth	what ?
61	leela	dwight and cubert made us a better offer . we 're paperboys now .
61	cubert	incoming ! we got papers to stuff team ! hup two hup two !
61	fry	yes sir !
61	bender	on our way !
61	leela	we 're on it mr farnsworth !
61	farnsworth	folks , the situation is grim but we shall prevail , thanks to you , our crack team of loyal dregs !
61	hermes	i do n't even know who this guy is !
61	scruffy	i 'm scruffy , the janitor .
61	farnsworth	yes , of course you are . now we 've got to buckle down and save planet express .
61	scruffy	i 'm on break .
61	cubert	sorry to interrupt this " whirlwind of activity " but we have an announcement .
61	dwight	i direct your attention to these forms , which i 'm presently engaged in handing to you .
61	hermes	sweet guineapig of winnipeg ! they 've taken over our company !
61	farnsworth	balderdash ! i never agreed to that !
61	dwight	no . but you did declare yourself dead three years ago as a tax dodge .
61	farnsworth	tax dodge nothing ! you take one nap in a ditch in the park and they start declaring you this and that .
61	cubert	either way i technically inherit your building and your spaceship . which mean planet express is now ...... awesome express !
61	hermes	( angry ) you rotten kids ! ( nicely ) will you be hiring ?
61	dwight	no .
61	hermes	( angry ) you rotten kids !
61	fry	there . one million papers . folded and loaded !
61	cubert	hey leela , help me apply these flame decals i got in my cereal . they 'll make the ship go faster .
61	leela	and what 's your scientific basis for thinking that ?
61	cubert	i 'm 12 .
61	farnsworth	did i ever tell you how i used to own that ship ?
61	zoidberg	there but for the grace of god .
61	bender	( singing ) hush little brewsky do n't you leak . daddy wants to drink for at least a week . oh my god ! i think it 's time !
61	fry	hurry leela , get some coasters and cold mugs .
61	fry	push bender push !
61	leela	you 're doing great !
61	bender	it feels like i 'm trying to push a water bed out of me .
61	fry	almost there . just two more bottles .
61	bender	is it ok ? i ca n't hear anything .
61	fry	it 's an ale ! 5 gallons , 6 ounces !
61	dwight	hey , what 's goin ' on ? this is a delivery company not a delivery room !
61	cubert	we just busted our bums delivering a million newspapers and this is how you greet us ? with a bunch of frosty cold beers ?
61	fry	hey wait a second . how did you deliver a million papers in one hour ?
61	cubert	uh ... we just did ok ? 'cause we 're awesome ! yeah !
61	dwight	yeah awesome !
61	leela	hello , awesome express , the rude , crude delivery dudes ! how may i direct your call ? ... what 's that ? ... you have n't gotten your paper ? ... in how long ? ...
61	farnsworth	uh , might a homeless old man have a touch more beef bourguignon ? and another tequila slammer ? please ?
61	labarbara	do n't you sweet talk me you wrinkly old tube sack !
61	hermes	might i have one too wife ?
61	labarbara	ah you 're both pathetic , being jealous of your own offspring . now you should be happy they became successes , instead of following in your footstamps .
61	hermes	oh it 's true . but they grow up so fast . we just wanted a few more years of being better than them .
61	farnsworth	they 're so stinking talented they do n't even need their fathers anymore .
61	cubert	dad ! we screwed up !
61	farnsworth	you did ? tough luck suckers !
61	dwight	please , help us pops . we agreed to deliver way more papers than we can handle .
61	cubert	( crying ) but we could n't handle them so we started dumping the extras in a crater on the moon .
61	dwight	( crying ) and now everyone 's yelling at us about our missing papers !
61	cubert	( crying ) and now we do n't know what to do !
61	farnsworth	why did you boys do all this ?
61	dwight	( crying ) we just wanted you to be proud of us .
61	hermes	proud of you ? you ruined us with sleazy business practices and a complete disregard for human decency . but , of course we 're proud of you .
61	farnsworth	damn right we are ! now come on . let 's go do a little father/son weaseling out of this .
61	hermes	ok boys , let me show you how a paper man does it .
61	boy	au revoir !!
61	dwight	can i use the gun dad ?
61	hermes	aw what kind of father would i be if i said no ?
61	dwight	only one house to go . we did it !
61	dwight	run away ! that bully bret blob lives there !
61	cubert	he 's ugly , mean , stupid , stink , mucus ! and last week ... we sort of ... broke his window .
61	hermes	alright , alright . what do we do when we break somebody 's window ?
61	dwight	( sheepish ) pay for it ?
61	hermes	heavens no ! we apologise ! with nice cheap words !
61	bret	i thought i heard the doorbell but i see it was the dorkbell !
61	dwight	man , we had it coming bret !
61	farnsworth	now now , no need to give us the business . we 'd like a word with you daddy .
61	bret	whatever . ( shouting ) daaad !
61	hermes	do n't worry boys . i 'm sure his father is a perfectly normal reasonable man .
61	farnsworth	mr blob , our sons have come to apologise for damaging your window . they 've learned their lesson and they want to make amends .
61	cubert	( ashamed ) sorry sir .
61	dwight	( ashamed ) yeah , sorry .
61	farnsworth	now see here . we assured our sons that you 'd accept their apology .
61	farnsworth	no one gives my son that option !
61	hermes	bring it on jello-pop !
61	cubert	yeah go dad !
61	dwight	show 'em who 's boss ! get 'em ... pops !
61	cubert	that was incredible ! you are the bravest dads in the entire trauma centre !
61	dwight	you guys almost had him ... until he digested you .
61	hermes	aww , you 're good kids . if i could feel anything right now , it would be pride . i was wrong ! i can still feel pain !
61	farnsworth	he 's coming to finish the job . someone toss me out the window !
61	farnsworth	i suppose .
61	bender	hey chumps ! i heard you were on the ass end of an ass kicking so i figured you could use a couple of these babys !
61	hermes	oh why not ! might as well live it up as long as i 've got this catheter in me !
61	farnsworth	uh , wo n't join us mr blob ?
61	hermes	this is what makes life worth clinging to . three fathers , enjoying a day out with their sons .
61	farnsworth	it would seem we 've taught our boys a lesson about life : man or blob , it 's whats inside that counts .
62	farnsworth	as new employees i 'd like your opinion on our commercial . i paid to have it air during the superbowl .
62	fry	wow !
62	farnsworth	not on the same channel , of course .
62	announcer	interplanetary deliveries - what a headache !
62	man	uh ... ( shouting ) i 'm not evans !
62	announcer	when those other companies are n't brave or foolhardy enough to go , trust planet express for reliable , on time delivery .
62	evans	here 's your package , mr. horrible gelatinous blob .
62	evans	thank you , sir !
62	announcer	planet express : our crew is replaceable . your package is n't .
62	fry	are there really giant birds like that ?
62	farnsworth	no , no ! that was all just special effects ! now let 's have breakfast . i hope everyone likes eggs .
62	fry	i 'm never going to get used to the 31st century . caffinated bacon ? baconated grapefruit ? admiral crunch ?
62	leela	well , if you do n't like that try some archduke chocula .
62	farnsworth	ah , hermes ! crew , meet hermes conrad . he manages my delivery business , pays the bills , notifies next of kin , what have you .
62	hermes	someone come and dropped this package through the slot last night . now which one of you is the captain ?
62	farnsworth	oh , my ! i have n't picked a new captain yet . it 's always so hard to choose .
62	farnsworth	hmm , you !
62	hermes	ok , captain , this is just a standard legal release protecting planet express from lawsuits in the event of the unforeseen .
62	leela	( reading ) death by airlock failure .
62	hermes	mmm .
62	leela	( reading ) death by brain parasite .
62	hermes	yeah .
62	leela	( reading ) death by sonic diarrhoea ?
62	hermes	( chuckling ) oh , you do n't want that !
62	leela	look , i do n't know about any of your previous captains but i intend to do as little dying as possible .
62	hermes	sign the paper !
62	farnsworth	now fry , before you go into space you 'll need to see our staff doctor . i should warn you though , he 's a little unusual . ( whispering ) he wears sandals !
62	fry	hi -- eurgh !
62	farnsworth	dr. zoidberg , this is fry , the new delivery boy . he needs a physical .
62	zoidberg	excellent , excellent !
62	farnsworth	you 'll be fine .
62	zoidberg	now open your mouth and let 's have a look at that brain . no no no no no not that mouth !
62	fry	i only have one .
62	zoidberg	really ?
62	fry	uh , is there a human doctor around ?
62	zoidberg	young lady , i 'm an expert on humans . now pick a mouth , open it and say ... what ? my mother was a saint ! get out !
62	farnsworth	dear lord , bender , you 're filthy .
62	bender	yeah , like you do n't have crap in your neck !
62	farnsworth	amy , why do n't you give his body a going over with the cleaning pick ?
62	amy	ok . does it hurt when i go like this ?
62	leela	ow !
62	bender	a little .
62	fry	well , the doctor says i 'm as healthy as a crab . can i go into space now ?
62	farnsworth	as soon as we finish cleaning bender . oh , and fry , this is our intern , amy wong . she 's an engineering student of mine . ( whispering ) i like having her around because she 's the same blood type as me .
62	amy	hey ! you 're the unfrozen guy ! from the 20th century , right ?
62	fry	( chuffed ) last time i checked .
62	leela	hang on . amy wong ? of the mars wongs ?
62	amy	look . we 're not as rich as everybody says .
62	leela	uh-huh ! what sorority do you belong to ?
62	amy	( ashamed ) kappa kappa wong .
62	bender	hey , rich girl . look over here ! it 's me , bender . i 'm being entertaining . ( singing ) la la la look at my head . it 's all painted look at my head ! i got a big old head , hey ! ho ! ( talking ) alright , show 's over , i 'm tired .
62	farnsworth	ah , to be young again . and also a robot ! now as i recall you youngsters have a package to deliver .
62	fry	finally ! come on bender , let 's mosey !
62	bender	nice catch , idiot !
62	fry	so where are we going anyway ?
62	leela	nowhere special . the moon .
62	fry	the moon ? the moon moon ? wow ! i 'm gon na be a famous hero just like neil armstrong and those other brave guys no one ever heard of !
62	amy	oh , i love stuff like the moon ! can i come , leela ?
62	leela	well ... i guess so . just be careful . i 'd like to hold off any major screwups until at least my second day as captain .
62	fansworth	nothing will go wrong . ( whispering ) if something goes wrong bring back the blood .
62	fry	can i do the countdown ?
62	leela	huh ? oh sure , knock yourself out .
62	fry	ten ...... nine --
62	leela	ok we 're here !
62	fry	hurry up , i wan na see the moon !
62	leela	relax , its open till 9 .
62	fry	that 's one small step for fry --
62	man	and one giant line for admission !
62	fry	wow ! um , can i have cuts ?
62	man	hmm -- no !
62	fry	you 're not gon na believe this but they landed an amusement park on the moon !
62	amy	guh ! it 's the happiest place orbiting earth .
62	fry	lets go , already !
62	leela	fry , we have a crate to deliver .
62	fry	let 's just dump it in the sewer and say we delivered it .
62	bender	too much work . lets burn it and say we dumped it in the sewer .
62	leela	ok , if everyone 's finished being stupid
62	fry	i had more but you go ahead .
62	leela	we 'll deliver that crate like professionals and then we 'll go home .
62	fry	but i 've never been to the moon before .
62	leela	alright . we 'll deliver that crate like professionals ... and then we 'll go ride the bumper cars . amy , why do n't you help fry hoist down the crate . then lock up when you 're done . just be careful .
62	amy	aye , aye , captain ! i mean only one eye . i mean , yes , sir , um , ma'am !
62	amy	clear ?
62	fry	clear !
62	amy	ready to hoist ?
62	fry	ready !
62	amy	ow !
62	fry	my first space delivery .
62	fry	uh , greetings , moon man , we come in peace . i am fry from the planet earth .
62	sal	wise guy , huh ? if i was n't so lazy i 'd punch you in the stomach .
62	fry	but you are lazy , right ?
62	sal	oh , do n't get me started .
62	crater face	hi , i 'm crater face ! welcome to luna park . i 'll have to confiscate your alcohol , sir .
62	bender	better mascots than you have tried .
62	crater face	at least i still have my self respect !
62	leela	who buys this trash ?
62	bender	idiots who need gifts for other idiots .
62	fry	hey , i got you guys refrigerator magnets .
62	bender	get it off ! get it off ! get it -- uh oh ! ( singing ) how many roads must a man walk down , before you ... ( talking ) keep those things off of me ! magnets screw up my inhibition unit !
62	fry	so you flip out and start acting like some crazy folk singer ?
62	bender	yes . i guess a robot would have to be crazy to wan na be a folk singer .
62	whalerbots	( singing ) we 're whalers on the moon ,
62	whalerbot	bender , hey , bender ! over here !
62	bender	oh , jeez , i went to high school with that guy !
62	announcer	monsanto presents : the goophy gopher revue !
62	gopher #1	why does a moon rock taste better than an earth rock ?
62	gopher #2	because it 's a little meteor !
62	fry	this is weak !
62	gopher #1	address all complaints to the monsanto corporation .
62	leela	what 's wrong , fry ?
62	fry	i do n't know . this place is great and all but its just so artificial . the gravity , the air , the gophers . you might as well stay on earth . that 's what i came to see ! i wan na go out there and jump around like an astronaut . screw this phoney stuff !
62	leela	but the phoney stuff is what 's fun . it 's boring out there .
62	bender	yeah ! you 're the kind of guy who visits jerusalem and does n't want to see the sexeteria !
62	leela	maybe i should take fry on the luna rover ride . you get to wear a space suit and drive around on the surface . and the line 's short because it 's educational .
62	fry	i do n't care how educational it is . let 's do it !
62	bender	( shouting ) next year in jerusalem !
62	fry	finally ! get ready for some serious moon action .
62	narrator	( voice-over ) the story of lunar exploration started with one man . a man with a dream .
62	ralph kramdenbot	one of these days , alice . bang ! zoom ! straight to the moon !
62	leela	wow , i never realised the first astronauts were so fat !
62	fry	that 's not an astronaut , it 's a tv comedian . and he was just using space travel as a metaphor for beating his wife .
62	amy	wow ! i could swear i was really playing virtual skeeball ! hm ?
62	bender	look , it 's that crate we were gon na throw in the sewer .
62	amy	the keys to the ship ! they must have fallen into the crate ! leela 's gon na kill me !
62	bender	nah . she 'll probably make me do it .
62	amy	mister ? could you please get those keys out for me ?
62	sal	what do i look like ? a guy who 's not lazy ?
62	narrator	( voice-over ) no one knows where , when or how man first landed on the moon ...
62	fry	i do .
62	narrator	( voice-over ) ... but our fungineers think it might have happened something like this :
62	whalerbots	( singing ) we 're whalers on the moon ,
62	gophers	( singing ) we carry a harpoon ,
62	leela	( singing ) ... and sing a whaling tune . we 're whalers on the moon ...
62	fry	that 's not how it happened .
62	leela	oh , really ? i do n't see you with a fungineering degree ! p >
62	fry	this is stupid . i 'm taking this thing out to the real moon .
62	leela	fry , no . this is my first mission and i 'm not gon na let us get in any trouble . besides , the car 's on a track .
62	fry	not for long !
62	whalerbot	ooh aah ! i died doin ' what i loved .
62	leela	ok , you 're on the surface . now i 'll give you 10 minutes . then you 'll get bored , turn around and apologise for being such a jerk . agreed ?
62	fry	agreed . yee-haw ! woo ! yeah ! crank up the radio !
62	whalerbots	we 're whalers on the -
62	fry	yee-haw !
62	leela	time 's up . make a u-turn at the next crater .
62	fry	no not yet . how ' bout we go look for the original moon landing site ?
62	leela	that 's crazy ! it 's been lost for centuries !
62	fry	well i 'm feelin ' lucky ! uh ... i 'm ready to go back now .
62	fry	we 're gon na die ! it 's every man for himself ! help me , leela ! you did it ! we 're safe !
62	leela	no . now we 're gon na die .
62	fry	it 's every man for himself .
62	bender	hey , look what i won from a tourist 's pocket !
62	amy	shut up . you 're distracting me .
62	bender	come on , it 's just like making love . y' know : left , down , rotate 62 degrees , engage rotor .
62	amy	i know how to make love !
62	bender	here , let me do it . ah , lousy arm . must be rigged ! that 's her , officers ! uh , that 's the woman who programmed me for evil !
62	bender	yeah , well , i 'm gon na go build my own theme park , with blackjack and hookers . in fact , forget the park !
62	fry	( gasping ) i 'm sorry , leela , i ca n't go on any further . just leave me to die in that barn over there .
62	leela	thank god !
62	farmer	trespassers , eh ?
62	fry	no , sir . we 're amusement park patrons .
62	farmer	ooh , that 's a wicked sinful place . tilt-a-whirl 's ok , but the rest is mighty wicked .
62	leela	our car broke down and we 're out of oxygen . can we borrow some ?
62	farmer	huh , borry ? looky here , city girl , oxygen do n't grow on trees . you 'll have to earn it doing chores on my hydroponic farm . you can go back to your precious theme park at sun up .
62	fry	i guess we could do chores for a few hours .
62	leela	fry , night lasts two weeks on the moon .
62	farmer	yup . drops down to -173 !
62	fry	fahrenheit or celsius ?
62	farmer	first one , then th ' other . and them spacesuits ai n't a-heated so you aint goin ' nowhere til sunrise . you can sleep in the barn . just do n't be a-touchin ' my three beautiful robot daughters . y' hear ?
62	fry	robot daughters ?
62	farmer	this here is lulabelle 7 .
62	lulabelle 7	yoo-hoo !
62	farmer	daisy-mae 128k .
62	daisy-mae 128k	yoo-hoo !
62	farmer	and the crushinator .
62	crushinator	( mechanical voice ) yoo-hoo .
62	fry	whoa !
62	leela	i told you to turn around and go back to the park . but oh , no , the park was too phoney . we had to see the real moon .
62	fry	and it was great ! we got to see craters and rocks and that one incredible rock that looked like a crater and , and these fellas .
62	leela	fry , face it . the moon is a dump . it 's a boring dried up wasteland . and the only reason anybody ever comes here is for the tacky little amusement park . ca n't you just accept that ?
62	fry	i guess i ca n't .
62	farmer	i 'll learn ye to sleep with my robot daughters !
62	bender	he 'll never find me in here .
62	leela	bender ?
62	fry	oh , bender . you did n't touch the crushinator , did you ?
62	bender	of course not . a lady that fine you got ta romance first .
62	farmer	oh , no you do n't ! c'mere crushinator .
62	crushinator	( mechanical voice ) yes , pa. .
62	fry	it 's too low .
62	leela	hang on . hang on . jump . hold on to your helmet !
62	farmer	god darn , it crushinator , jump !
62	crushinator	( mechanical voice ) no , pa. . i love him .
62	fry	hey , cool ! dark side of the moon !
62	leela	nightfall 's coming . hurry , before we freeze .
62	bender	what do you mean " we " , mammal ?
62	farnsworth	oh , dear ! i really ought to do something . but i am already in my pyjamas .
62	leela	we ca n't outrun it forever .
62	fry	over there ! look ! it 's the moon landing site ! we found it !
62	leela	quick , get in .
62	fry	it 's that flag from mtv ! and neil armstrong 's footprint ! hey ! my foot 's bigger ! leela , is n't this the greatest thing you 've ever seen ?
62	leela	fry , look around . it 's just a crummy plastic flag and a dead man 's tracks in the dust . now get in here before you freeze .
62	bender	oh , no room for bender , huh ? fine ! i 'll go build my own lunar lander , with blackjack and hookers . in fact , forget the lunar lander and the blackjack . ah , screw the whole thing .
62	leela	well if the oxygen holds out we might live long enough to starve to death .
62	fry	look , leela , i 'm sorry . i never should have dragged you out here .
62	leela	that 's right , you should n't have . i still do n't get what the big attraction is .
62	fry	i never told anybody this but a thousand years ago i used to look up at the moon and dream about being an astronaut . i just did n't have the grades . nor the physical endurance . plus i threw up a lot and nobody liked spending a week with me .
62	leela	a week would be a little much .
62	fry	the moon was like this awesome , romantic , mysterious thing , hanging up there in the sky where you could never reach it , no matter how much you wanted to . but you 're right . once you 're actually here it 's just a big dull rock . i guess i just wanted you to see it through my eyes , the way i used to .
62	leela	fry , look . it really is beautiful . i do n't know why i never noticed before .
62	farmer	had to come back for the crushinator , eh , robot ? well i got you this time .
62	fry	it 's amy ! we 're saved !
62	leela	amy ? where 'd she learn to operate the controls like that ?
62	bender	not the magnet ! no ! no ! nooo -- uh-oh !
62	bender	( singing ) she 'll be comin ' round the mountain when she comes ,
62	farmer	aww , dang it !
62	bender	( singing ) she 'll be riding six white horses when she comes ,
62	leela	so , fry , was the real moon anything like the moon you used to dream about ?
62	fry	well , close enough !
62	bender	well i 'll shoot her with my ray gun when she comes ,
63	bender	a hush comes over the crowd . the only sound is bender calling everyone else a jerk and he swings ! and he slices it into the water , oh man !
63	farnsworth	bad news everyone . you 're not good enough to go on your next mission .
63	fry	hooray !
63	bender	not good enough !
63	leela	why ? says who ?
63	farnsworth	because . and says me . it 's an extremely dangerous mission that killed my last crew . and you 're not nearly as good as them .
63	fry	woohoo !
63	bender	we live to suck another day !
63	leela	we 're just as good as any of those crews you sent to their deaths . what 's the mission ?
63	farnsworth	collecting honey . ordinary honey .
63	leela	that does n't sound so dangerous .
63	farnsworth	this is no ordinary honey . it 's produced by vicious space bees . a single sting of their hideous neuro-toxin can cause instant death !
63	hermes	and that 's if you 're not allergic ! you do n't wan na know what happens then , oh no no , god no !
63	farnsworth	your insides will boil out of your eye sockets like a science fair volcano !
63	hermes	i did n't want to know1
63	farnsworth	these bees are larger than most buicks and twice as ugly !
63	fry	larger than an american sedan ? how big is the honey comb ?
63	hermes	honey comb 's big . yeah yeah yeah .
63	bender	it 's not small ?
63	hermes	no no no .
63	leela	it 'll take more than deadly deadly bees to keep us from doing our job . come on boys !
63	fry	but leela we 're no good !
63	leela	listen , i 'm scared too . but i 'm more scared of disappointing myself .
63	fry	i 'm not scared of that at all !
63	leela	now bees communicate by dancing .
63	fry	like my parents . oh wait , that was hitting !
63	leela	so this language cartridge will let you distract them .
63	bender	ah good ! i always have thoughts and feelings that can only be expressed through dance ! ( in bee ) you stink ! bender 's great ! deal with it !
63	leela	bender quick ! waggle something !
63	bender	hello fellow bees . how 's the abdomen ? swollen with nectar i trust ?
63	bee	duh !
63	fry	leela let 's turn back . there 's absolutely no shame in wussing out .
63	leela	relax , everything 'll be fine !
63	fry	oh my god ! the old planet express ship !
63	leela	there 's the black box !
63	man	captain , the bees have us surrounded ! oh the professor was right , we 're not as good as his old crew !
63	captain	well i aim to prove him wrong ! it 'll take more than a few deadly deadly bees to - oh lord !
63	leela	uh , could n't make that out . too much static !
63	bender	ew !
63	leela	we found it ! the honey comb hideout !
63	fry	hey what 's this goop ?
63	leela	royal jelly . they feed it to the queen .
63	fry	bees make honey and jelly ? huh . how come nothing humans make taste good ? help ! i ca n't swim in jelly as far as i know !
63	leela	look ! it 's a baby queen ! aww she 's so cute ! you adorable wittle itty bitty fuzzy wuzzy -
63	fry	leela ! stop bonding and lets go ! i got jelly in my underpants !
63	leela	i 'm taking this bee with us . with queen we can build a hive and make more honey ourselves . let me just pack her a lunch and we 'll go .
63	bender	pick up the pace lady ! i 'm sick of shaking my booty for these fat jerks ! i did n't mean you 're all fat . just fatso there .
63	bees	he insulted our fat queen !
63	queen	you try keeping your figure after 10,000 kids !
63	leela	this is where we distinguish ourselves from the last crew . activate emergency high speed self contained escape pack crisis response unit ! quick !
63	leela	good luck bender !
63	bender	i 'm back baby !
63	fry	we made it ! we 're alive !
63	leela	burn on that old crew ! the only things they did better than us were suck and die !
63	fry	leela we got lucky this time but you should be more careful . i do n't want anything to happen to you .
63	leela	thanks , but i can look out for myself . frankly i can smell danger a mile away .
63	fry	look out ! you want her you 'll have to go through me .
63	leela	you call that a wound ? that 's a boo boo top ! but thanks for trying to save me fry ! fry ? he 's ... he 's dead .
63	bender	who will make bender waffles just the way he likes them now ?
63	leela	it was all my fault ! he died because of me !
63	farnsworth	no no no no no no no . i 'm lying to make her feel better .
63	labarbara	husband , ca n't you go anywhere without lighting something up ?
63	hermes	it 's an old jamaican accounting tradition . we burn his timecard . that way his zombie does n't come back looking for his final paycheque .
63	amy	he looks so natural . it 's funny to think he 's clammed full of sawdust and preservatives .
63	zoidberg	i only wish i could have removed the stinger .
63	priest	i barely knew philip , but as a clergyman i have no problem telling his most intimate friends all about him .
63	hermes	soothe us with sweet lies .
63	priest	it may comfort you to know that fry 's death took only 15 seconds . yet the pain was so intense that it felt to him like 15 years . and it goes without saying that it caused him to empty his bowels . we now commend fry 's body to the ages .
63	amy	he 's walking on sunshine now .
63	farnsworth	this makes me the oldest member of my family .
63	amazonian	him do good snu-snu .
63	bender	all those times i said " kill all humans " i 'd always whisper " except one . " and fry was that one . and i never told him so .
63	terry	farewell from the world of tomorrow !
63	leela	they say a spoonful of space honey helps ease the pain . it 's good . i feel funny . haha funny !
63	fry	leela ?
63	leela	fry ? i thought you were dead .
63	fry	nope , i 'm better than ever . before the accident i could n't do this !
63	leela	impressive ! but it does sorta support my you-are-dead theory .
63	fry	then i 'll prove i 'm alive ! by telling you something only i could know . there 's a surprise for you in my locker . i got it at a swedish novelty shop before we left .
63	leela	it 's too beautiful to open ! can i open it ?
63	fry	sure . there 's just one thing i want you to .
63	leela	what ?
63	fry	i want you to wake up .
63	leela	wake up ? but i 'm not -
63	leela	in my dream fry said he hid a gift for me in my locker . if it 's true then he must still exist in some form .
63	farnsworth	oh course he still exists . as a frozen corpse in outer space ! oh , i made myself sad .
63	leela	well , here goes .
63	zoidberg	bupkiss !
63	bender	well , i feel better now . pawning all the stuff in fry 's locker helped give me closure .
63	leela	was there anything in there that might have been a gift for me ?
63	bender	no . nothing . not at all . no way jos ! here it is .
63	leela	you took this from fry 's locker ?
63	bender	hey the guy 's dead ! there 's no law against grave robbing !
63	leela	that proves it . fry is alive somewhere and he 's reaching me in my dreams .
63	farnsworth	bullpies !
63	farnsworth	lay down here and we 'll do some tests . if fry is out there then leela 's brain could be acting as a five pound ouija board .
63	leela	is this some sort of brain scanner ?
63	farnsworth	some sort yes . in france it 's called a " guillotine . "
63	leela	professor ! ca n't you examine my brain without removing it ?
63	farnsworth	yes . easily .
63	bender	hey , what if fry was n't actually dead when we buried him ? y' know like julia roberts ?
63	farnsworth	well i suppose there 's a slim - i do n't believe it !
63	leela	what is it ? is fry alive in some other dimension or something ?
63	farnsworth	no . according to this gizmometer , fry is dead and nothing can bring him back ! remarkable .
63	leela	but , my dream . your science ca n't unprove that ! how could i have know the gift was in fry 's locker ?
63	hermes	easy ! he told you about it before he died ! and your grief roasted mind blocked it out .
63	leela	are you saying i 'm going crazy ?
63	farnsworth	no no , no one 's saying that ! but i 'm certainly thinking it loudly .
63	fry	hi leela ! i 'm just gon na keep talking , even if you ca n't hear me . blah blah blah , blah blah blah blah blah .
63	leela	shut up , i can hear you . the professor says you 're just a dream .
63	fry	oh yeah ? could a dream take you dancing in an illusion garden ?
63	leela	well yes , technically . it 's still very sweet of you .
63	fry	then what if we shared a sleigh ride across the ice fields of hiperia ?
63	leela	oh fry you must be alive ! i 've never been treated so romantically by my own imagination before !
63	fry	here , take my jacket . you look a little cold .
63	leela	thank you . it 's all so beautiful i forgot how many hundreds of degrees zero it must be . i just wish i could convince the others you 're alive .
63	fry	you can . all you have to do is wake up .
63	leela	no no ! do n't say that ! this is real !
63	leela	not another dream ! fry 's jacket ! the one he was buried in ! my dream was real ! he 's alive !
63	bender	that 's better !
63	leela	fry 's alive ! i have proof !
63	bender	you do not !
63	hermes	i 'm from jamaica , the show-me island . so show me you 're blowing it out your fanny .
63	leela	but he gave me his jacket . look .
63	farnsworth	that 's not fry 's jacket . fry 's jacket is red ! that 's your jacket . an off the rack lime green affair .
63	leela	but fry ... his jacket ... and when i woke up it was on me .
63	hermes	you 're under a lot of guilt stress leela . here , work it off .
63	leela	i am not under stress dammit !
63	leela	what ?
63	amy	i said everything 's going to be alright .
63	leela	oh . maybe i am freaking out a little .
63	bender	a little ? you 're screwier than my aunt rita ! and she 's a screw !
63	leela	i need to calm down . i 'd better take some more of that space honey .
63	farnsworth	you 've been taking space honey ? be careful you purple haired imbecile !
63	zoidberg	one spoonful calms you down , two spoonfuls help you sleep , but three spoonfuls , you 'll go into a sleep and never wake up ! never !
63	bender	never !
63	leela	one spoonful to calm me down . ok , i 've got a pretty good calm going ! two spoonfuls to help me sleep . uh oh , still awake . i guess one more spoonful could n't hurt . oh my gosh ! i 'd better get a sponge ! fry ? is that you ? i do n't need a sponge !
63	fry	why and i sticky and naked ? did i miss something fun ?
63	farnsworth	incredible ! according to the gizmometer , fry touched the royal jelly in the space hive , leaving an imprint of his dna and brainwaves . then , when it spilled on the couch , it recombined with trace amounts of fry 's hair and skin -
63	bender	and blood ! do n't forget about fry 's blood !
63	farnsworth	yes bender , thank you . in short , the various fluids fry left in the couch caused the royal jelly to regenerate his entire being !
63	fry	neat !
63	bender	this is great ! my buddy 's alive and his credit cards are valid again ! lets go get hammered !
63	zoidberg	i should warn you : i 'm a mean drunk .
63	leela	fry , i 'm so glad i did n't kill you .
63	fry	me too .
63	leela	feeling responsible for your death was driving me mad . but now everything is alright .
63	fry	uh , not everything .
63	leela	what ? what do you mean ?
63	fry	you have to wake up .
63	leela	wake up ? oh no ! no ! it ca n't be !
63	leela	poo .
63	leela	i 'm cracking up . in my dreams i 'm happy because fry is alive , but when i 'm awake my mind plays tricks on me .
63	hermes	oh take it easy leela .
63	amy	in every life we have some trouble .
63	bender	but when you worry you make it double .
63	farnsworth	the landlord says your rent is late ...
63	hermes	he might have to litigate .
63	bender	but do n't worry !
63	bee	bee ...
63	farnsworth	... happy !
63	zoidberg	ai n't got no cash , ai n't got no style , ladies vomit when i smile , but does zoidberg worry ?
63	bee	bee ...
63	zoidberg	... happy !
63	hermes	do n't worry now amy !
63	amy	ok ! i 'm happy !
63	bender	take us home bender ! do n't worry !
63	bee	bee ...
63	bender	... happy !
63	leela	uh , were you just singing ?
63	bender	no i was telling you not to worry . i 'm not allowed to sing - court order .
63	leela	i 'll find fry 's coffin , take his corpse and keep it under my mattress to remind me he 's really dead . that 'll prove i 'm not insane .
63	leela	ok , it 's just an ordinary coffin . containing my ordinary dead friend , who i killed .
63	leela	what happened ? why am i in my apartment ?
63	leela	stop it ! stop it !
63	bender	you killed fry !
63	leela	ok , i 'm insane ! but i 'm still sane enough to know it . the only time i feel alright is in my dreams . with you . three spoonfuls . then i can dream forever . one . two here goes . goodbye waking world .
63	fry's photo	leela ! no ! listen to me , you do n't want to lie in bed like a vegetable and do nothing the rest of your life . i 've tried it . bedsores hurt !
63	leela	then what am i s ' posed to do ?
63	fry's photo	fight it !
63	leela	i ca n't !
63	fry's photo	you can ! the leela i know does n't give up this easily .
63	leela	ok . i 'll try . go away !
63	fry's photo	i do n't know if you can hear me leela but there 's something i wan na tell you . i love you .
63	leela	i 'm so scared fry i do n't know what to do .
63	fry's photo	just wake up leela . please . just wake up .
63	leela	i do n't understand what you mean !
63	fry	just wake up . please . just wake up leela .
63	leela	fry . you 're alive !
63	fry	leela ! you 're awake !
63	leela	of course i 'm awake . you would n't stop waking me . where am i ?
63	fry	in the hospital . the ambulance brought you here right after the bee stung you .
63	leela	but the bee stung you . it barely touched me .
63	fry	stinger went right through me and you got all the poison . my new spleen came from a guy who liked to motorcycle .
63	hermes	sweet three toed sloth of ice planet hoth ! she 's awake !
63	bender	you were in the best coma i 've ever seen !
63	amy	the doctor said you 'd never wake up .
63	leela	really ? how long was i out ?
63	amy	two weeks . fry never left your side for a minute .
63	zoidberg	and he talked non-stop , like a parrot of the sea he was .
63	fry	i though that if you heard a familiar voice , it might help keep your mind together . but , who knows if it really got through .
63	leela	it got through fry . it got through .
64	fry	delivery boy philip j. fry reporting for duty .
64	zoidberg	dr zoidberg , soaking in brine .
64	fry	what is the meaning of this ? we 've got a delivery people , let 's move , let 's move ! amy ? mission profile ? interesting , interesting . dr zoidberg , mission bag ?
64	zoidberg	packed and ready sir .
64	fry	what 's this ? this is the same toy surprise i got last time ! i ca n't work under these conditions . and without me there is no mission . i am the mission !
64	leela	we 're back from the mission !
64	fry	wh-what ? you went without me ?
64	bender	you were looking up curse words in the dictionary . it seemed like a better use of your time .
64	fry	but , but i 'm the delivery boy .
64	leela	do n't worry , everything went fine .
64	bender	better than usual !
64	leela	we got medals ! good work team ! we really pulled together on this one .
64	bender	woo-hoo !
64	fry	i 'm real sorry i missed the mission . i was n't there and you might have needed me .
64	bender	nope .
64	fry	but if i 'd been there i -
64	bender	nope .
64	fry	l -
64	bender	nope .
64	fry	bender 's great .
64	bender	nope ! ohh !
64	fry	listen leela , let me make it up by taking you out to dinner tonight .
64	leela	nope . i 've got a date with chaz .
64	fry	chaz ?
64	leela	i met him at that charity cock fight last week . he 's the mayor 's aide .
64	bender	ooo , you go mutant girl !
64	leela	i do go ! he 's a very important man .
64	fry	so ? i 'm just as important as him . it 's just that , the kind of importance i have , it does n't matter if i. . . do n't do it .
64	fry	i 'm nobody . there are guys in the background with mary worth comics who are more important than me .
64	bender	ah , buck up meatloaf . bender 'll take you out tonight and cheer you up . what do you wan na do ? and i mean anything . you have the power ! name it an i 'm there , you the man !
64	fry	um , ok . let 's go bowling .
64	bender	nah .
64	elzar	table for two ? step right this way .
64	chaz	i 'm afraid we do n't have a reservation but uh , as you can see ...... i 'm the mayor 's aide . table for two please .
64	elzar	ok then .
64	elzar	bam !
64	chaz	it 's ok my man . i got you covered on your next health inspection .
64	elzar	i really appreciate that mister mayor 's aide . here you go , compliments of the house .
64	leela	wow , free bread at a restaurant ? is there anything you ca n't do ?
64	chaz	i ca n't fail the mayor , not ever .
64	fry	oh jeez , better not let leela see me .
64	leela	hey , i hear fry . boy am i glad you 're here !
64	fry	you are ? so things are n't working out with whatshisname ?
64	leela	actually ... they are ! confidentially , i might not make it back to my apartment tonight ! could you walk nibbler for me ?
64	fry	um . . uh ...
64	leela	and bring a baggy in case he drops a steamer . ( shouting ) have a great night !
64	fry	oh no , please , no ! perfect !
64	smitty	whoa , smells like a 289 in progress !
64	url	failure to scoop , aw yeah !
64	fry	wait , i 'm trying . it weighs as much as a thousand suns !
64	chaz	do n't worry fry , i 'll pull some strings . see if i ca n't get you tried as a juvenile !
64	leela	oh chaz !
64	fry	i 'm as worthless as this trashcan .
64	trashcan	you think i 'm as worthless as you ? try catching garbage in your head and raising six kids you dumb townie !
64	fry	oh nibbler , at least i 'm important to you . even if it 's only 'cause i clean up you poop .
64	nibbler	the poop eradication is but one aspect of your importance .
64	fry	d-d-did you just talk ?
64	nibbler	indeed . and i have other amazing powers as well .
64	fry	like what ?
64	fry	are you my mommy ?
64	nibbler	negative .
64	fiona	welcome lord nibbler .
64	nibbler	welcome acknowledged . i bring with me ... the mighty one .
64	fry	eh ?
64	ken	at last , our centuries upon centuries of waiting have achieved fruition .
64	fry	aww , are n't you a fuzzy wittle guy ?
64	ken	stop that ! uh ... please . your mightiness
64	fry	mightiness ? are you off your nut ? i just got kidnapped by a bunch of guineapigs .
64	ken	does he not know ?
64	nibbler	he does not know .
64	fiona	he knows not ?
64	nibbler	knows not does he .
64	nibblonian	not he knows ?
64	ken	enough ! fry , it is my duty to inform you that the fate of humanity , the fate of our race , indeed the fate of all that exists and all that will exist rests with you . you are the single most important person in the universe .
64	fry	oh snap !
64	nibbler	on this auspicious occasion , let the hall of eternity cut a thunderous blast .
64	fiona	the feast of a thousand beasts is begun .
64	nibblonian	you gon na eat that ?
64	fry	maybe later .
64	ken	the time has come to discuss matters of the gravest importance .
64	nibbler	fry , do you remember some months ago when the earth was attacked by flying brains ?
64	fry	hmm , i remember the square dancing stomachs , although that might have been a milanta commerical . wait ! the brains ! i do remember ! but no one else does . they said i was crazy .
64	ken	on the contrary . you remember beause you were the only one immune to the brain 's mental attack .
64	fry	because i 'm so smart ?
64	ken	oh my . anyway , your immunity is due to the fact that you lack the delta brainwave . it 's a genetic abnormality which resulted when you went back in time and performed certain actions which made you your own grandfather .
64	fry	i did do the nasty in the pasty !
64	nibbler	verily . and that past nastification is what shields you from the brains . you are the last hope of the universe .
64	fry	so i really am important ? how i feel when i 'm drunk is correct ?
64	ken	yes . except the dave matthews band does n't rock .
64	ken	for a thousand years , the evil brains have been constructing the giant infosphere , a giant memory bank twice the size of three ordinary memory banks .
64	fry	what 's so evil about that ?
64	fiona	they plan to collect all the information in the universe and store it in the sphere .
64	fry	so they 're trying to learn things ?
64	fiona	right .
64	fry	those bastards !
64	nibbler	being brains , they feel compelled to know everything . and soon they will .
64	fry	i 'm as mad as i 've ever been .
64	ken	once their task is complete , they will ensure no new information arises in the only way possible : by destroying the universe .
64	fry	now it 's personal .
64	fiona	your mission is to infiltrate the infosphere and plant this quantum-interphase bomb , blasting them into an alternate universe , from which there is no return .
64	nibbler	then outrun the blast on this scooty-puff jr. .
64	fry	ok , let 's go through this once more
64	fry	aah ! brains !
64	ken	fear not mighty one , your missing brainwave makes you invisible to them . so long as you avoid intense thinking .
64	fry	sorry , what ? i was n't paying attention .
64	ken	that is most wise .
64	fry	who ?
64	ken	in a few seconds the brains will finish scanning the last bits of information in the universe .
64	ken	now the infosphere will open it 's protective crust so as to scan itself , completing it 's thousand year task .
64	fiona	this is your one chance to enter the sphere ! scoot ! scoot now !
64	fry	i 'm at the input console . i 'm a little nervous and i 've got brain in my buttcrack .
64	nibbler	roger .
64	ken	once you press the detonator , you will have 60 seconds for an exciting escape .
64	fry	hey wait , this brain knows everything about everything right ?
64	ken	it will soon . that 's why you 're supposed to be setting off a bomb .
64	fry	yeah yeah , but i ca n't pass up a chance to learn the answers to the greatest questions of all time . is it true that post-it stamp glue is made up of -
64	infosphere brain	correct . toad mucus .
64	ken	there 's no time for this . activate the bomb .
64	fry	wait wait wait . what really killed the dinosaurs ?
64	infosphere brain	me !
64	computer voice	unauthorised data access .
64	fry	uh oh .
64	giant brain	detecting trace amounts of mental activity . possibly a dead weasel or a cartoon viewer .
64	fry	eww gross . cut it out !
64	brain #1	odd . he is immune to our sionic attack .
64	brain #2	impossible . we 're an ambitious young squad with everything to prove .
64	giant brain	it appears we are in the presence of the fabled one . but without his scooty-puff jr , he can not escape . huh ?
64	brain #2	a quantum-interphase bomb ? are you insane in the membrane ?
64	fry	you got it poindexter !
64	brain #1	oh , not good !
64	computer voice	detonation in t-60 earth seconds .
64	brain #3	you fool . you 'll be transported to the other universe with us . trapped there for all eternity .
64	brain #1	and we 'll form a tightly-knit clique , that you wo n't be part of !
64	fry	well at least i did one important thing with my life . leading good to victory over evil !
64	ken	exactly !
64	giant brain	the nibblonians ? good ? during your last moments in this universe perhaps you should query our database concerning the night of december 31st 1999 .
64	fry	the day i got frozen ? what about it ?
64	nibbler	no ! do n't ask about that ! it , it would be uh ... boring !
64	fry	eh forget it then .
64	giant brain	query !
64	fry	ok sheesh ! what happened to me , philip j. fry , on the night of december 31st
64	infosphere brain	clarification request . are you the philip j. fry from earth or the philip j. fry from hovering squidworld 97a ?
64	giant brain	earth you fat idiot ! hurry up !
64	fry	hello ? pizza delivery for uh ... i. c. wiener ? aw crud !
64	fry	eurgh ! i ca n't believe how fat i look ! aw , nibbler 's there . wait ! what ?!
64	fry	what the ?
64	fry	i , i do n't understand . you made me go in the freezer tube ?
64	computer voice	detonation in t-15 seconds .
64	fry	you little runts froze me ! you took away my life !
64	nibbler	we can explain !
64	fry	no you ca n't . shut your adorable trap !
64	nibbler	we had no choice . you were the only one who could help us . what is one life weighed against the entire universe ?
64	fry	but it was my life .
64	computer voice	detonation in 2 , 1 . will the owner of a white pontiac firebird ... oh nevermind . zero !
64	giant brain	well , here we are . trapped for eternity .
64	brain #2	we could sing american pie .
64	fry	go ahead . i deserve it . i wish those stupid racoons had never brought me to the future .
64	infosphere brain	i have shocking data relevant to this conversation .
64	giant brain	we do n't care you dope ! we 're in another universe , you 're not in charge anymore .
64	infosphere brain	it is possible for the philip fry to resume his life on december 31st 1999 .
64	fry	really ? i can go back in time ?
64	infosphere brain	there is a nexus point between universes , at the space-time you entered the cryogenic tube . you and only you can return there .
64	giant brain	interesting . you could stop the nibblonian from pushing you into the cryogenic tube .
64	fry	that is interesting . why ?
64	giant brain	it would be as if you never came to the future . you will have your life back and we will suceed in our plan to understand and destroy the universe .
64	fry	everybody wins !
64	brain #2	the human will be returned to the past !
64	narrator	meanwhile ...
64	leela	i love rocket skating ! but the wait is always so long . fry once stood in line for six hours just to get me a ticket .
64	chaz	six hours ? pfft . sounds like a real nobody ! but now it 's time for somebody and some chick he 's with to go skating .
64	leela	you reserved the whole rink ?
64	chaz	yup . buzzed ahead , let 'em know who 's aide was coming by . the mayor 's , that 's who 's .
64	leela	oh chaz !
64	sally	mr vogel . i thought we was going skating .
64	vogel	no . we 're not important enough . everybody just hold hands until the bus driver gets back from his haircut .
64	leela	aww , let 's let those kids skate with us .
64	chaz	what ? seriously ? i 'm trying to impress you with my cloud here . !
64	leela	i know , and it 's working . but think how much skating would mean to those kids .
64	orphan	we came here instead of eating today .
64	leela	this may be their only chance to skate in their whole lives . who are we to say they ca n't ?
64	chaz	the mayor 's aide , and his badge ! ( shouting ) beat it kids ! come back when you got connections .
64	vogel	alright kids . back to the orphanarium . you can slide around the gym in your socks .
64	sally	what socks ?
64	chaz	so am i gon na get lucky tonight or what ?
64	fry	i hope your calculations are correct .
64	giant brain	our calculations are always correct . for we are gigantic brains .
64	brain #2	initiate space-time transfer .
64	nibbler	i hereby place and order for one cheese pizza .
64	panucci	one pie , nothing good on it . name ?
64	nibbler	i-period c-period wiener .
64	panucci	uh , talk a little louder . it 's sounds like you got some kind of tiny head on you or something .
64	past fry	hellooo ? pizza delivery for uh , icy wiener ? wiener ? aw crud .
64	future fry	gotcha !
64	nibbler	i do n't understand .
64	future fry	yes you do ! you came back in time to knock me into that freezer . now i came back in time to stop you .
64	nibbler	i did not come back in time . my people lack that ability .
64	future fry	but , i know you in the future . i cleaned your poop .
64	nibbler	quite possible . we live long and are celebrated poopers . you will meet me when i 'm a thousand years older .
64	future fry	not if you do n't freeze me .
64	nibbler	please . our saviours foresee that in a thousand years , at one moment , the fate of the universe will depend on you . since you will not live that long i must freeze you now .
64	future fry	well , why could n't you just ask me ?
64	nibbler	we were afraid you would refuse .
64	future fry	of course not , i love the future .
64	nibbler	then why are you choking me right now ?
64	future fry	because i do n't like being used .
64	nibbler	well now it 's your choice . is there nothing in the future worth saving ?
64	future fry	leela . but she does n't think much of me .
64	nibbler	ah , she must be the other .
64	future fry	wha ?
64	nibbler	you must not give up on her . i am stationed on a distant world known as vergon 6 . but if you return to the future i will transfer to earth to give you what help i can .
64	future fry	you really think i would have had a chance with leela ?
64	nibbler	you must choose . the present or the future ? to save yourself ? or to save leela ?
64	future fry	yes ! here i come future ! oh no ! wait ! i 'm gon na get trapped in the infosphere again ! just remember that scooty-puff jr sucks ...
64	nibbler	in a thousand years i 'll get right on it .
64	narrator	and so , a thousand years later fry once again infiltrated the infosphere and set off his amazing bomb . only this time ...
64	nibbler	thank you for saving the universe fry . here .
64	fry	whoa , thanks ! if you ever need a saviour again , just ask .
64	nibbler	oh we will . we will .
64	fry	man , i ca n't wait to tell everyone what happened .
64	nibbler	uh yes . incidentally i need to remain undercover so i 'm blanking your memory .
64	fry	huh . did everything just taste purple for a second ? oh well . let 's go home you dumb poop machine .
64	leela	bender , would you do the honours ?
64	bender	with gusto .
64	fry	hey leela . i guess i got this for you .
64	leela	oh . thank you . you know what fry . i do n't care if you 're not the most important person in the universe . it really makes me happy to see you right now .
64	fry	then i am the most important person in the universe .
65	announcer	this week in the universe ... dateline turantulon 6 : the brave warriors of earth under the command of general major weeblo zapp brannigan have achieved victory over the spider homeworld . and to the victor belong the spoils - one trillion dollars in silken treasure .
65	zapp	mmm !
65	nixon	my fellow earthicans . after meeting with top voodoo economists , i have decided to refund our silk surplus to you , the taxpayers . that 's right ! i 've sent you each 300 buckeroos in the form of a tricky dick fun bill . knock yourselves out !
65	amy	i 'm slightly richer !
65	bender	what to do what to do ? one $ 300 hookerbot or 300 $ 1 hookerbots ?
65	leela	i 'm going to swim with the whale ! they 're the gentle giants of the deep .
65	farnsworth	i 'm well aware of that .
65	scruffy	scruffy 's gon na get himself one of them $ 300 haircuts . this ones lost it 's pizazz !
65	zoidberg	a fortune it is ! at last , zoidberg will live like a rich man !
65	nixon	hey , cut it out ! go away ! get away from me !
65	amy	shmeesh ! it 's just 300 bucks , what is that , like a hundred cups of coffee ?
65	fry	that 's it ! i 'm getting a hundred cups of coffee ! starting now . coffee machine , one cup of coffee please .
65	nixon	smells good !
65	zapp	leela ? are you there ?
65	leela	no .
65	zapp	oh yes you are ! i 'm hereby inviting you and your oddball co-workers to a special reception to display the national silk surplus . i believe you know the heroic space stallion who captured it . show them my medal kif .
65	kif	he rented it with his tax refund .
65	zapp	so leela , will you have the pleasure .
65	leela	what little there is to be had .
65	zapp	tomorrow night at eight them . smoochies !
65	crack addict	no cheap crack houses for me no more !
65	man	very good sir . shall i pre-warm sir 's crack pipe ?
65	amy	oh kif , it was so romantic of you to rent this peddle plane with your tax rebate . we 're like two dandelion seeds wafting on the breeze .
65	kif	yes ... seeds ... wafting .
65	amy	i almost feel kinda shallow for blowing my rebate on this cool talking tattoo !
65	tattoo	hey gordon gecko ! i cost as much as this whole crummy date !
65	amy	shut up ! ow !
65	farnsworth	as a man it has become too much of a chore for me to clean out my wrinkles each day . is it true that stem cells may fight the aging process ?
65	geneworks woman	well yes , in the same way an infant may fight muhammed ali ! but -
65	farnsworth	one pound of stem cells please .
65	geneworks woman	of course any age reversing effects will be purely temporary .
65	bender	say buddy , why 's this grand cigar so pricy ?
65	clerk	well , as you can see , it 's wrapper is a piece of the original us constitution . it was hand rolled by queen elizabeth during her wild years and was buried with george burns until graverobbing space mushrooms - uh , well you know the rest .
65	bender	give me 300 bucks worth !
65	clerk	no can do .
65	bender	oh alright , i 'll just take these $ 300 burglars tools then .
65	clerk	very good sir .
65	bender	so uh , what time d'you close tonight ?
65	dwight	hey pops ! did that tax rebate come ?
65	hermes	came and went ! you 're now the proud owner of bamboo boogie boots ! with a warning label this big you know they got ta be fun !
65	dwight	but pops , i do n't wan na have fun , i wan na be like you . boring but prudently invested .
65	hermes	babylon 's bells ! i tallyed almost 300 bananas on this entertainment product . now you put 'em on and have fun !
65	dwight	i do n't wan na .
65	hermes	well then i 'm gon na put 'em on and make you watch me have fun ! see ? fun ! fun ! dwight ! help me !
65	dwight	i 'll save you pops !
65	farnsworth	hey ! turn that damn music ...... up !
65	hermes	is n't this fun ?
65	dwight	no ! i wish i had two mommies !
65	randy	try these , um , sir .
65	zoidberg	i ask for rich guy stuff and you give me shiny pebbles ? bah ! i bid you adieu !
65	randy	ow !
65	leela	i 'd like a pass to swim with mushu please .
65	whale biologist	well you asked the right guy ! i 'm the whale biologist ! though personally i hate whales . ( whispering ) espeically mushu .
65	leela	then why 'd you become a whale biologist ?
65	whale biologist	i do n't know you well enough to get into that . $ 300 please . noon tomorrow . if you 're late you only get to tread water in the scallop tank .
65	fry	uh , i 'll have a coffee .
65	man	guppy , trout , mermaid or -
65	fry	whale please .
65	kif	amy , i-i also spent some of my tax rebate on a gift for you .
65	amy	oh kiffie !
65	kif	it shows the time wherever we both are . and it 's powered by love ! also you have to wind it .
65	tattoo	ohh ! somebody won big at skeeball !
65	amy	you shut up ! i love it kif . i 'll use it whenever i wan na know what time it is . ooo ! it 's fry and leela ! ( shouting ) hi fry and leela !
65	kif	oh ! keep peddling ! oh for the love of god keep peddling !
65	amy	bye fry and leela !
65	tattoo	oh i ca n't wait until the tattoos on amy 's butt hear about this !
65	butt tattoos	hear about what ? tell us !
65	amy	do n't feel sad my little tadpole .
65	kif	i 'm trying not to . but my gift to you is in the belly of a whale .
65	zoidberg	say , this reminds me of that time i ate that other watch kif gave you !
65	amy	hey , it is kinda like that !
65	zoidberg	to induce vomitting , that was the solution ! everywhere it went ! what a valentine 's day that was !
65	leela	hmm , this may seem like a huge coincidence but i happen to have it in with that whale !
65	scruffy	scruffy 's formulated a plan . but you 'll need a ready source of nausiatin ' rotten fish .
65	elzar	freshen your coffee sir ?
65	fry	yeah yeah yeah keep it comin ' put the pot down get away !
65	woman	you 're so young in spirit ! its hard to believe you 're as old as 25 .
65	farnsworth	the key is to grab life by the hojos ! live every day like it might be your last !
65	elzar	what 'll it be kids ?
65	farnsworth	one bowl of mild verena .
65	leela	pay dirt ! heyya !
65	elzar	here you go big spender : foie gras and caviar !
65	zoidberg	goose liver ? fish eggs ? pah ! where 's the goose ? where 's the fish ?
65	elzar	hey , that 's what rich people eat . the garbage parts of the food .
65	zoidberg	i ate garbage yesterday and it did n't cost me $ 300 ! i 'm not paying . farewell good sir !
65	bender	le grand cigar ! she 's mine ! and with absolutely no consequences !
65	smitty	you see that ?
65	url	grand theft tobacco . sounds like we should get off our fat cop asses and ride !
65	elzar	pee-yew ! this fish is slightly too rotten to even make jambolaya !
65	amy	so far so good . where 's kif ?
65	fry	this is n't yemeni ! it 's sulowesi ! and the cup 's shaking i do n't want my coffee shaking !
65	bender	you seem a tad wound up buddy . and your face is greasy ! real greasy . you been up all night ?
65	fry	of course i 've been up all night ! not because of caffine it was insomnia i could n't stop thinking about coffee i need a nap . coffee time !
65	bender	ah ! mighty fine smokable !
65	fry	fancy cigar why do n't you smoke it already ? puff puff go go go go go !
65	bender	nah , you ca n't blow smoke from such a majestic stogy in just anyone 's face . i 'm saving it for the fancy pants at zapp brannigan 's black tie reception . you comin ' ?
65	whale biologist	and the fifth reason whales kill is for the sheer fun of it .
65	leela	anything else ?
65	whale biologist	yeah . you 're lumpy and you smell awful . hey , i calls 'em like i sees 'em ! i 'm a whale biologist .
65	leela	ok mushu , its feeding time ! oh crud , he ate my suit !
65	whale biologist	the suit was ugly - whale biologist !
65	caddy	perhaps if you tightened your grip sir ?
65	zoidberg	ah . thank you golf slave ! bah ! rich pople would n't waste their time on this nonsense ! plus , these eggs are gritty and tasteless !
65	farnsworth	ow ! not so rough !
65	whale biologist	ladies and gentlemen , presenting mushu ! the educated whale who thinks he 's better than you !
65	amy	c'mon mushu ! barf ! barf like a freshman !
65	whale biologist	and now ignorant whale lovers , we 'll see who 's boss as i make mushu jump through this hoop . jump mushu ! who wants a fish ?
65	little orphan	mushu is sick !
65	url	it just keep comin ' and comin ' !
65	kif	wait , that chunk , its the watch ! i got it amy ! i got it ! the plan went off without a -
65	whale biologist	he 's got aquarium property ! stop him !
65	url	better do what he says . he 's a whale biologist !
65	smitty	you 're under arrest you squishy punk !
65	zapp	the spiderians , though weak and woman-like on the battlefield , are masters of the textile arts . taste like king crab by the way . crazy bugs actually wove this tapestry of my heroic conquest while i was still killing them !
65	zoidberg	what ? it 's not even scratch and sniff ? but if rich people think it 's good , i 'll buy it ! one art please !
65	mom	what a clever impersonation of a stupid poor person ! how much is that placemat actually worth brannigan ?
65	zapp	exactly $ 1 billion !
65	mom	now that 's walkin ' around money !
65	nixon	what ? hey ! wait ! arooo !
65	whitey	so i said to kitty " the only way to keep the butler from running away is to cut off his foot ! " yes , it reminds me of a joke i heard about upper-middle class people .
65	amy	i 've never been sad at a party before . i wonder if my mind is thinking about kif being in jail .
65	scruffy	jail 's not so bad . you can make sangria in the terlet ! course its shank or beshanked .
65	amy	of course .
65	whale biologist	look , just give back the property and we 'll drop the charges .
65	kif	fine , have the watch . it 's broken anyway .
65	whale biologist	i do n't want your watch . you 're covered in precious ambergris .
65	kif	precious ambergris ?
65	holo-roseanne	ambergris . noun . a grease-like product of the sperm whale 's digestive tract that is used as a base in the finest perfumes . this has been roseanne , your guide to the world of facts .
65	whale biologist	you heard roseanne . scrape off the priceless ambergris and i 'll let you go !
65	kif	or better yet i 'll simply shed my skin !
65	morbo	stop it ! stop it ! it 's fine ! i will destroy you !
65	farnsworth	wha ? uh , got ta go , uh fight club !
65	woman	what 's happening hubie ?
65	farnsworth	i 'm afraid the face you fell in love with was actually just a blob of living gunk i bought with my tax refund .
65	woman	well as long as we 're being honest , i also spent my tax refund on a crazy treatment .
65	farnsworth	that certainly is honest .
65	woman	it better for us both to just be ourselves . you , wrinkled as a prune .
65	farnsworth	you , fat as the queen of seacows .
65	woman	i love you !
65	farnsworth	oh my !
65	kif	so you see the putrid waxy substance i was coated with was -
65	amy	not precious ambergris ?
65	kif	yes ! and i managed to sneak some out in a usual place ! ta-da ! using that , i 'll make you a perfume of lilac and jasmine and frankenberry !
65	amy	oh kif , it 's so romantic i ca n't even wait ! i 'm gon na wear it right now !
65	mom	who smells like freaking porpus hork ?
65	amy	i do ! kiss me kif !
65	zoidberg	oh what a foolish squid i 've been . i 'm not rich ! i ca n't even buy one measley masterpiece !
65	hobo #1	pardon us gent . might a couple of hungry hungry hobos take a feed from that aluminium snack box ?
65	zoidberg	so now i 'm in the gutter ? surrounded by bums who eat garbage . money brought me no happiness . bupkiss !
65	hobo #2	ooo this boot 's got a little pudding at the bottom !
65	beeler	interestingly , the spiderians are more closely related to our elephants than our spiders .
65	hermes	do n't mind us !
65	nixon	the loot ! the loot ! the loot is on fire !
65	zapp	leela ! my precious rock tub ! i 'll save you !
65	kif	everyone ! to the fire door !
65	leela	it 's on fire !
65	farnsworth	we 're trapped my sweet hippopotamus !
65	fry	coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee !
65	dwight	where are we pops ?
65	woman	what happened to the food ?
65	leela	i think we were saved by a mysterious orange blur .
65	zoidberg	welcome one and all . i finally figured out how money could make me happy ! by using it to buy my hungry friends a feast !
65	hobo #2	everyone join us . oysters rockafeller here has provided genuine turkey dogs !
65	whitey	heck , you 're never too rich to enjoy a free turkey dog !
65	woman	i 'll take four !
65	leela	me too !
65	mom	oh what the hell !
65	hermes	here dwight , $ 299 and 99 cents . you invest this penny like you want it .
65	dwight	thanks dad . i 'm gon na take this and buy five shares of amazon.com !
65	hermes	a risk taker ? that 's my boy !
65	nixon	the entire surplus has gone ! what a muguvern i 've been ! why did i have to issue that crooked tax rebate ?
65	leela	at least we got a few mildly interesting stories out of it .
65	farnsworth	oh my yes !
65	bender	speaking of which , my story kinda peetered out without me learning a lesson !
65	smitty	there he is !
65	bender	all right ! closure !
66	hermes	go get it , boy !
66	fry	so , leela , how about a romantic ride in one of those swan boats ? they 're kinda dangerous but i finally mastered them .
66	leela	those are n't swan boats , they 're swans .
66	fry	oh . that explains these boat eggs .
66	farnsworth	wha ?
66	tate	pitiful ballplayers of earth , i am ethan " bubblegum " tate , commander of the harlem globetrotters . for generations , your puny planet has lived in peace with the globetrotter homeworld . but now , for no reason , we challenge you to defend your honour on the basketball court . will no one meet our challenge ? have none of you pathetic earthlings game ?
66	fry	( shouting ) what happens if we lose ?
66	tate	nothing . there 's nothing at stake and no threat - beyond the shame of defeat !
66	farnsworth	this will not stand ! i 'll take you on , you air-balling bozos .
66	tate	you , old man ? sweet clyde , laugh derisively at him .
66	farnsworth	i may be an old man - in fact , i 'm fairly sure i am - but i 'll put you globetrotters in your place with my team of mutant atomic supermen !
66	hermes	hooray , professor !
66	farnsworth	behold : my mutant atomic supermen .
66	leela	they 're only a foot high , professor .
66	farnsworth	well , they 're still young . mere atomic super boys , really . we 'll need to speed up their growth with time particles called chronitons .
66	bender	are n't those the particles that destroyed an entire civilisation -
66	farnsworth	good news , everyone . you 're off to the tempest nebula to gather chronitons .
66	fry	hey , leela . look at me !
66	leela	your face can take a lot of punishment . that 's good to know .
66	fry	there 's a lot about my face you do n't know . perhaps you and it could get better acquainted over dinner .
66	leela	alright , cool your jets , hotshot .
66	fry	c'mon , leela , why wo n't you go out with me ? we both know there 's something there .
66	leela	no , i mean cool your jets . they 're melting bender 's face .
66	bender	( shouting ) ow ! oh my god ! ow !
66	leela	here you go . hot off the nebula .
66	farnsworth	none too soon . while you were gone the trotters held a news conference to announce that i was a jive sucker . behold ! my invincible nuclear mutants .
66	amy	hi !
66	arachneon	hello !
66	albert	marv albert here at madison cube garden where the harlem globerotters take on a squad of atomic supermen in what promises to be a by-the-numbers athletic contest with no surprises whatsoever . here 's the tip-off . globetrotter ball . sweet clyde dixon to bubblegum tate . drives down-court - and curly joe from the rear .
66	zoidberg	that one grabbed his behindus !
66	leela	shh !
66	hermes	quiet !
66	tate	who dares laugh at the jesters of dunk ? we came to terrify and humiliate you - not tickle your funnybones . watch as i embarrass your civilisation by passing the ball to curly joe . only to have it remain in my hands with elastic . and perhaps this will wipe the smiles from your faces .
66	albert	goose goes up ... rejected ! growtrium from half-court . yes !
66	albert	supermen lead 45-42 . arachneon with the steal , to thorias . thorias from downtown ! yes ! he 's really showing us what a man with a cannon in his chest can do !
66	farnsworth	no showboarding , you atomic hotdog !
66	albert	and that 's the half , with the supermen up 48-42 . surprisingly dull , so far . bubblegum , the trotters are down by six . reactions ?
66	tate	it was always our plan to trail at the half . thus deepening earth 's eventual humiliation . also : what game were the refs watching ?
66	albert	curly joe , easily amused by his own antics ...... continues to wreak havoc on -
66	farnsworth	what the ? did everything just jump around ? or did my brain just stroke off there for a second ?
66	albert	ladies and gentlemen , something very strange has just happened in this basketball game between space clowns and atomic monsters .
66	farnsworth	time-out ! time-out !
66	fry	what 's happening ?
66	farnsworth	we seem to be lurching forward randomly in time , like a needle skipping on a record player .
66	amy	what 's causing it ? is it my outfit ?
66	farnsworth	no . it must have something to do with those time particles i used to grow the supermen . time and space are ripping apart at the seams .
66	thorias	oops .
66	farnsworth	oh , great . now , on top of everything , we need a new fifth man .
66	fry	ooh , ooh , ooh , put me in , professor . i wan na show leela my skills .
66	farnsworth	hmm . will said skills pay the bills ?
66	fry	who cares ? we 're 35 points ahead with two minutes left . what could possibly
66	albert	globetrotters win , 244-86 . a dark day for humanity , folks . we have been beaten ... in basketball .
66	curly joe	yeah , that 's ow we do it !
66	sweet clyde	how 's that ?
66	tate	you are all fools of the highest calibre .
66	leela	i do n't know what you did , fry , but once again you screwed up . now all the planets are gon na start cracking wise about our mamas .
66	hermes	i 'm just glad my fat , ugly mama is n't alive to see this day .
66	farnsworth	enough about your promiscuous mother , hermes . we have bigger problems . this time disruption is extremely serious .
66	tate	damn right , brother man . this chronological wang-dang-doodle could destroy the very matrix of reality .
66	farnsworth	tate ? what do you know about this ?
66	tate	not much , yet . but i am senior lecturer of physics at globetrotter u. and i like to help you investigate .
66	farnsworth	you 're that bubblegum tate ?
66	tate	well i sure ai n't his grandma . now look here , prof. ..... i think we got ourselves an excess of chronitons in the subatomic interstices .
66	farnsworth	yes , i see . something involving that many big words could easily destabilise time itself .
66	fry	is that a problem ?
66	farnsworth	indeed so . at this rate , by tuesday it will be thursday ; by wednesday , it will be august and by thursday , it will be the end of existence as we know it .
66	man	i 'll have to ask you to clear out now . the circus need to set up for tomorrow 's big -
66	linda	time continues to skip forward randomly . details at 11 .
66	linda	this is the news at 11 . the mysterious an unexplained -
66	linda	turning to entertainment news , teen singer wendy might just be the latest
66	linda	... won three grammys last night -
66	linda	... found dead in her bathtub .
66	farnsworth	interesting . it 's as if we behave normally during the time skips , but then we have no memory of it .
66	fry	you mean we just -
66	farnsworth	... my , yes . ooh , just like that . any luck bubblegum ?
66	tate	not yet . listen , i hope you do n't mind if i dribble a little while i work .
66	farnsworth	not if you 'll grant me the same liberty .
66	bender	ooh , ohh , bubblegum ? my name 's bender and i 'm a huge fan of your work , both on and off the court . can i be a globetrotter ?
66	tate	shut up , turkey .
66	farnsworth	bubblegum , look at this . the background time radiation is fluctuating wildly .
66	tate	good lord . that sucker 's shaking around like some fine , imported booty .
66	hermes	say , i 'm no physicist , but i think i know how to stop the skipping . we 'll just -
66	hermes	i do n't know how this was supposed to work .
66	amy	professor , i hope you find out what 's wrong before we skip right past my birth
66	all	happy birthday , amy .
66	amy	hooray , look at all these presents !
66	zoidberg	i hope we all have as much tomorrow at my birth -
66	zoidberg	what ?
66	fry	psst , leela . i 've set up a time-proof shelter in the closet . there 's only room for two , and you 're the one i wan na share it with .
66	leela	fry , that 's so sweet . let me see .
66	leela	how exactly will this protect us from time jumps ?
66	fry	( sexfully ) because when we 're together in here , baby , time will stand still .
66	fry	ow .
66	zoidberg	hmm . hmm .
66	leela	dr. zoidberg , can i talk to you about fry ?
66	zoidberg	leela , i would be honoured .
66	leela	... does the worst w.c. fields imitation i 've ever seen . zoidberg !
66	zoidberg	sorry , you must have been boring me .
66	leela	the thing is , fry is very sweet . but he 's so immature . i love his boyish charm but i hate his childishness .
66	zoidberg	so he 's not perfect . you do n't wan na end up old and lonely like zoidberg ! you were saying ?
66	farnsworth	ah , there is it . the tempest nebula . take a whiff through the smellescope .
66	tate	what 's that funky jazz ?
66	farnsworth	the odour of pure time leaking . when my crew removed the chronitons , it destabilised the nebula , causing time skips throughout the universe .
66	bender	ooh , let bubblegum tell it .
66	tate	pretend these basketballs are time particles , my silver honky . as the nebula bounce-passes them off us ...... they cause these dents , or " time skips " .
66	bender	you are so smart !
66	tate	hold up . what if we were to move this cluster of starts to these algebraic co-ordinates ?
66	farnsworth	their gravity might just divert the chronitons to the empty side of the universe .
66	tate	yeah . but is it possible ? moving stars would require one bad-ass gravity pump . and we 'd need all the money on earth to -
66	tate	what the ?
66	farnsworth	wha ?
66	nixon	here 's the funding for your gravity pump . but it damn well better work ! we ca n't spend all of earth 's money every day . now , how long will it take to build ?
66	tate	it wo n't be easy , nixon . a jim-jam this complex might take months or even -
66	farnsworth	ah , there we are . one gravity pump . powerful enough to move the stars themselves . now to begin the arduous task of attaching it to the ship so th -
66	farnsworth	off you go - apparently .
66	tate	( from ship ) easy , leela . just finger-roll that star to the cosmic basket .
66	leela	just a few ... more ... hundred ... thousand ... miles . there !
66	tate	( from ship ) nothing but nebula !
66	leela	we 'll have to run some tests back on earth , but i think we 've stopped the time skips .
66	bender	alright !
66	tate	jamming !
66	fry	hooray for leela !
66	bender	and what better way to celebrate our success than by me showing bubblegum the globetrotter uniform i made myself !
66	tate	let me see . hello , lawsuit !
66	fry	leela , i want you to know i think the way you moved those stars around was really wonderful . i got you something .
66	leela	moderately-priced , domestic , non-vintage champagne ? how did you know ?
66	fry	you deserve it . i mean , nobody ever stops to tell you what a great captain you are .
66	leela	aww , that is so true and sweet .
66	fry	you 're smart , you 're beautiful , and best of all , you 'll go out with me-ee ?
66	leela	fry , please try to understand . you 're a man , i 'm a woman . we 're just too different .
66	bender	hey , leela . bubblegum might let me organise a bake sale for the globetrotter wives . can you teach me to make cupcakes ?
66	leela	alright , but i wan na lick the beaters .
66	fry	i got her champagne , i opened it . what does a guy have to do ?
66	tate	86 the chump stuff , f-man . it 's time to win leela 's heart with a big-showy , three-point romantic gesture .
66	fry	hmm . maybe this is the moment to show her my real surprise .
66	leela	fry , what are you doing ?
66	tate	uh-oh . time to boogie on down to the sauna !
66	fry	look . i 've been studying how to pilot the ship . impressed ?
66	leela	yeah , actually . you 're doing ok . the core reactor temperature 's nominal , the blinker 's off .
66	fry	i learned how to work the gravity pump too . in case we need to move more stars . so are we dating now ?
66	leela	is that what this is all about ? please , just cut it out now .
66	fry	look , leela . i know there 's some perfect , amazing thing i can do to make you love me , and when i figure out what it is
66	leela	fry , stop . i do n't wan na hurt you , but there is absolutely , positively no way that you and i will ever , ever -
66	preacherbot	... man and wife . you may kiss the bride .
66	albert	yes !
66	amy	woo-hoo !
66	zoidberg	he looks radiant !
66	farnsworth	ye gods , bubblegum , we failed . the time skips have n't stopped at all .
66	tate	even in these formal shorts , i feel like a failure .
66	leela	you tricked me into marrying you , did n't you ?
66	fry	of course not .
66	leela	how 'd you do it ? drugs in the champagne ? hypnosis ?
66	fry	no ! drugs are for losers and hypnosis is for losers with big , weird eyebrows . i do n't know what amazing thing i did you make you love me but , whatever it was , we 're married now . we 've got the rest of our lives to work -
66	whitey	divorce is final .
66	fry	what ?
66	leela	well , let 's divide up the china . i guess i 'll take the nfc helmets and you can have the afc helmets .
66	fry	fine . break my heart again .
66	zoidberg	do n't be so hard on yourself , fry . you lost the woman of your dreams , but you still have zoidberg . you all still have zoidberg .
66	fry	how did i do it ? how did i get leela to love me ? i 've got to figure it out .
66	hermes	maybe you 're just a fantastic lover , fry .
66	amy	um , no .
66	fry	i do n't know what i 'm doing .
66	bender	maybe she 'd come back to you if your best friend bender were a globetrotter . what do you say , bubblegum ?
66	tate	hell , no .
66	fry	oh , it 's hopeless . i did something so great that it won leela 's heart and i 'll never , ever know what it was . my life is empty .
66	zoidberg	( sexfully ) zoidberg !
66	farnsworth	no wonder we failed to stop the time skips . diverting chronitons is mathematically impossible . i knew i should have checked your showboating globetrotter algebra .
66	tate	man , i thought you knew that algebra was all razzmatazz . a globetrotter always saves the good algebra for the final minutes .
66	bender	vintage bubblegum .
66	farnsworth	the time skips are worse than ever now . isolated spots are jumping by years at a time . look .
66	kid	stupid senior citizens . why should we have to pay for their social security benefits ?
66	old man	i deserve free money !
66	farnsworth	well , i 'm stumped . we 'll have to call in the finest scientific minds in the univ -
66	farnsworth	perhaps we could explode the whole damned nebula . what do you think , curly joe ?
66	curly joe	no , man . an explosion big enough to destroy that mama would take out half the universe .
66	sweet clyde	you got ta globetrotter that explosion up a little , farnsy . make it an implosion .
66	farnsworth	by god , sweet clyde is right . an implosion might just form a black hole that would stop more chronitons from escaping .
66	tate	whoa . slow that brain train down , prof. we 'd need some kind of doomsday device to initiate an implosion like that .
66	farnsworth	doomsday device ? ah , now the ball 's in farnsworth 's court . i suppose i could part with one and still be feared .
66	tate	give me some skin , prof. i 'm making you an honorary globetrotter . in fact , everybody in this room 's an honorary globetrotter .
66	amy	hooray !
66	hermes	yes !
66	zoidberg	i 'm a globetrotter !
66	bender	( gasping ) did you just say -
66	tate	too late , hot plate .
66	bender	oh , crap .
66	tate	we must leave now , for we are needed elsewhere . but we wish you godspeed .
66	bender	please , please let me come with you . i can make myself taller .
66	tate	bender , you can talk trash , you can handle the ball . but look in your heart and ask yourself : are you funky enough to be a globetrotter ? are you ?
66	bender	yes .
66	tate	are you ?
66	bender	i mean , with time , my funk level could
66	tate	are you ?
66	bender	( sadly ) no .
66	tate	deal with it .
66	bender	oh ! no !
66	leela	careful with that doomsday device , bender .
66	bender	what does it matter ? i 'll never be a globetrotter . my life , and , by extension , everyone else 's , is meaningless .
66	leela	roger .
66	fry	leela , about the wedding . i do n't know what i did to make you love me , and i do n't think i tricked you into it , but maybe i did . and if i did , i 'm sorry .
66	leela	it 's ok , fry . you know we 'll always be friends , right ?
66	fry	yeah . but i do n't guess anything i could do will ever make you feel the same way about me that i do about you .
66	leela	i guess not .
66	bender	well , the doomsday device is ready . maybe blasting this quadrant of space into a hell storm of flaming nothingness will cheer me up a little .
66	leela	ok . let me just take the ship out to a safe distance . actually , i think i 'll go down and prep the detonator . fry , why do n't you take the helm ?
66	fry	she 's so great . i feel like i can almost remember the magical thing i did to make her love me . but i guess i never will .
66	bender	sorry , buddy . i too know what it 's like to have a dream i 'll never achieve .
66	fry	oh ! that 's how i must have done it ! i moved the stars themselves to write her a love note in the sky .
66	leela	detonation in three , two , one .
66	fry	( screaming ) nooo ! did you see it ? did you see it ?
66	bender	the explosion ?
66	fry	no , not the explosion !
66	leela	then what ?
66	fry	( quietly ) nothing .
67	fry	hm , spider , hubble , nitrogum ... ooh , big pink ! it 's the only gum with the breath-freshening power of ham .
67	bender	and it pinkens your teeth while you chew .
67	clerk	alright , sergeant , $ 100 worth of pixie stix and porno mags with your 5 % military discount comes to $ 95 . that 'll be 40 cents .
67	fry	i believe you 're forgetting about our 5 % military discount .
67	clerk	well that 's only for people in the military .
67	bender	what ?! this is the worst kind of discrimination . the kind against me !
67	clerk	alright , look . our policy is , if for any reason you 're not completely satisfied , i hate you .
67	bender	ok , now i 'm mad .
67	fry	full price for gum ? that dog wo n't hunt , monsignor .
67	bender	hello . we 're here because we ... uh ... love our planet !
67	man	sign here on the dotted line , patriots . then i 'll give you your discount cards .
67	fry	just out of curiosity , we could use the cards to buy gum , then immediately quit the army , right ?
67	bender	you know , playing you all for chumps ?
67	man	correct . there 's no obligation . unless , of course , war were declared .
67	fry	what 's that ?
67	man	war were declared .
67	farnsworth	now be careful , fry . and if you kill anyone , make sure to eat their heart , to gain their courage . their rich , tasty courage .
67	hermes	i do n't want you to worry about your jobs while you 're away . that 's why i 'm firing you now .
67	leela	i wan na enlist . my friends always die if i 'm not there to save them .
67	zapp	sorry , but the army 's instituted a men-only policy .
67	leela	what ?!
67	zapp	it 's shameful , i agree . in the olden days , i proudly fought alongside female troops , shoulder to , uh , shoulder . alas , after a series of deadly blunders caused by distracting low-cut fatigues and lots of harmless pinching , the army decided women were n't fit for service . not when i 'm in charge .
67	leela	you know , zapp , someone ought to teach you a lesson .
67	zapp	if it 's a lesson in love , watch out . i suffer from a very sexy learning disability . what do i call it , kif ?
67	kif	sex-lexia .
67	zapp	men , you 're lucky men . soon you 'll all be fighting for your planet . many of you will be dying for your planet . a few of you will be forced through a fine mesh screen for your planet . they will be the luckiest of all .
67	bender	great , we 're gon na die .
67	fry	and this ham gum is all bone .
67	zapp	now to present the logistics of our mission , the commander-in-chief . please welcome the original gerber baby , earth president richard m. nixon .
67	nixon	this is the brass ring , fellas ...... planet spheron 1 !
67	fry	cool effect !
67	zapp	it 's a desolate , ugly little planet with absolutely no natural resources or strategic value . questions ?
67	soldier #1	why is this godforsaken planet worth dying for ?
67	zapp	do n't ask me , you 're the one who 's going to be dying .
67	fry	uh , just so we 'll know , who 's the enemy ?
67	zapp	a valid question . we know nothing about their language , their history or what they look like . but we can assume this : they stand for everything we do n't stand for . also , they told me you guys look like dorks .
67	bender	they look like dorks !
67	zapp	what 's the matter , private ? tent got your tongue ? ( chuckling ) tent got your ... ( talking ) kif , write that down and send it to humour in uniform .
67	fry	whoa ! check out that guy . he makes speedy gonzales look like regular gonzales .
67	kif	that new recruit is phenomenal , sir .
67	zapp	yes . he edged out my old mark by two seconds ...... and 16 minutes ... and 12 hours . i do plan to finish someday , kif . good hustle , soldier .
67	leela	( disguised , deeper voice ) uh , sorry , sir . i was still in attack mode . you know how testosterone is .
67	zapp	as a bubbling crock-pot of male hormones , i sure do . what 's your name , private ?
67	leela	( disguised , deeper voice ) lee -- . . la ... man . la man ... lemon ! lee lemon , sir .
67	zapp	lemon , you 're a man 's man . you 're a man 's man 's man . more importantly , your hand , while firm and masculine , is soft as a velvet child . what lotion do you use ?
67	leela	( disguised , deeper voice ) pert and popular , sir .
67	zapp	roger that . kif , get me ten cases of pert and popular .
67	kif	what shall i do with your jergens , sir ?
67	zapp	squirt it on some homeless man with dry elbows . private lee lemon may well be the finest recruit i 've seen in all my years of service . that young man fills me with hope and some other emotions that are weird and deeply confusing to me .
67	kif	ew .
67	zapp	( sexfully ) hello !
67	nixon	mmm . now that 's a nice ros . so , anyway , we open up the panda crate , would n't you know it , the damn thing 's dead ! up-chucked it 's bamboo . true story .
67	zapp	uh-huh , uh-huh . that 's whatever you were talking about for you .
67	fry	mind if we sit with you ?
67	leela	( disguised , deeper voice ) uh , hey , why the hell would i ? we 're all guys here . sweaty , hairy , gassy guys .
67	fry	good point ... i guess .
67	bender	you 're my kind of soldier , lemon . a foul-mouthed , barrel-chested , beer-bellied pile of ugly muscle .
67	hick	so . any you fellas got a special lady back home ?
67	fry	well , i sort of a have a thing for this girl i work with .
67	leela	really ? ( disguised , deeper voice ) what type is she ? you know , blonde , or chinese , or cyclops ?
67	fry	cyclops .
67	leela	( disguised , deeper voice ) aw , she sounds sweet .
67	bender	but sweet girls are n't for you , eh ? you hard-fighting , hard-farting , ugly , ugly son of a --
67	leela	( disguised , deeper voice ) stop ! stop flattering me !
67	zapp	( shouting ) ten hut ! well , well , well . if it is n't lee lemon . the flaming star of brannigan 's rough rangers . say , uh , lemon , do you like to read ? i just got a great book on tape . it 's about life in ancient greece and --
67	leela	( disguised , deeper voice ) sir , the alarm . i think i 'd better --
67	zapp	shh . do n't talk . just go .
67	nixon	we are now in position above spheron 1 . this is the moment we were training for all yesterday afternoon .
67	zapp	and now for the battle plan . as you all know , the key to victory is the element of surprise . surprise !
67	fry	it 's creepy here .
67	soldier #1	this is the worst part . the calm before the battle .
67	fry	and then the battle 's not so bad ?
67	soldier #1	oh , right . i forgot about the battle .
67	fry	what 's happening ?
67	hick	holy shoot ! looky !
67	fry	the enemy ! they 're balls !
67	leela	charge your gun , fry .
67	fry	oh , right .
67	zapp	watch where you 're shooting , private . you spooked felicity . there , there , boy .
67	soldier #1	( hoarse ) give this to my son .
67	bender	you got it !
67	soldier #1	( hoarse ) wait . i did n't tell you where he lives .
67	bender	hey , i think your son might also like those boots .
67	hick	cover us , buddy . you 've got the only wounded-up positron shooter . fry , you emu-bellied coward !
67	fry	( shouting ) bender ! no !
67	bender	if they put me on a stamp , tell them to use the young bender .
67	p.a. announcer	( on tannoy ) incoming wounded . all operating personnel report to tent four , repeat , four . i mean five ! repeat , four .
67	nurse	are you ready to operate , doctor ?
67	zoidberg	i 'd love to , but first i have to perform surgery . i kid , i kid !
67	zoidberg	scalpel . blood bucket . priest . next patient .
67	ihawk	gee , zoidberg . leave some for the enemy to kill .
67	nurse	leave dr. zoidberg alone . he has twice the training you do .
67	ihawk	yeah , he 's a doctor and a butcher !
67	zoidberg	see , this is how it starts . first with he jokes , then comes the heavy stuff .
67	ihawk	when will the killing end ?
67	zapp	look at this sissy , kif . while others were fighting and dying pointlessly , he was hiding in a hole , wallowing in a pool of his own cowardice .
67	fry	that was n't cowardice .
67	zapp	i 'm depromoting you , soldier . kif , what 's the most humiliating job there is ?
67	kif	being your assistant .
67	zapp	wrong ! being your assistant ! private fry , you will henceforth serve as kif 's assistant .
67	fry	that does n't sound too bad .
67	kif	( uncharacteristically nasty ) you speak when i tell you to , you filthy worm !
67	zoidberg	i 'm afraid he 's gone .
67	hick	whoa , doc , i ai n't dead .
67	zoidberg	excuse me , i believe i 'm the doctor .
67	ihawk	believe it all you want , that wo n't make it true . ( mauldlin ) this is n't a war , it 's a murder . ( irreverent ) this is n't a war , it 's a moider !
67	hick	bender , old buddy . hang in there .
67	zapp	here lies the bravest soldier i 've seen since my mirror got grease on it . i hereby order that in bender 's honour , he be melted down and made into a statue of himself .
67	nixon	slow down there , starsky , i 'm up to something here . i want this robot fixed . fixed like kennedy fixed the 1960 election . damn bean-eating war hero !
67	nurse	are you read to operate , doctor ?
67	ihawk	i 'd love to , but first i have to perform surgery .
67	zoidberg	that 's my joke ! i 'll kill you !
67	zapp	ah ! pre-war scotch ! welcome , lieutenant bender . you 're looking sharp .
67	bender	i got wheels ! with clickety-clack-ers .
67	zapp	damnit , kif , where 's the little umbrella ? that 's what makes it a scotch-on-the-rocks !
67	kif	actually , sir --
67	zapp	make me a new one .
67	kif	use a brush , you dunderhead ! and mix these mixed nuts . i see two almonds touching !
67	nixon	now , listen here , bender . this war is in danger of going all quagmire on me . so i 'm sending you on one last mission .
67	bender	hot diggidy daffodil !
67	nixon	a mission of peace .
67	bender	( disappointed ) oh !
67	zapp	you 'll be negotiating with the aliens ' mysterious leaders , the brain balls . they 've got a lot of brains and they 've got a lot of cutzpa !
67	nixon	accompanying you will be our top peace negotiator , henry kissenger .
67	kissenger	how are you ?
67	bender	is he any good ?
67	nixon	looking like that , he talked his way into jill st. john 's bed . nuff said !
67	nixon	( singing ) i 'm so dizzy , my head is spinning . like a whirlpool it never ends .
67	zapp	a little lower . lower . lower . a lot lower . too low ... ! lower !
67	fry	( singing ) i 'm walking on sunshine , whoa-oh .
67	zapp	private lemon , no need to leave . my stall just became free .
67	leela	( disguised , deeper voice ) maybe you should put on a towel , sir .
67	zapp	right . right ! i 'm about to try the new lotion you recommended . ( sexfully ) if i should accidentally put too much on my hands , perhaps i could rub it onto you .
67	nixon	brannigan !
67	zapp	hm ?
67	nixon	my god , cover yourself . i did n't live a thousand years and travel a quadrillion miles to look at another man 's gizmo .
67	zapp	uh , sorry , mr. president , i did n't realise . kif , raise him up about nipple-high .
67	nixon	come on , brannigan . stuff yourself into a uniform . we 've got ta get off this planet before the bomb goes off .
67	leela	( disguised , deeper voice ) bomb ?! what bomb ?
67	zapp	the one we had the doctors implant in that gullible bender robot .
67	nixon	zapp . zapp !
67	zapp	hm ?
67	nixon	inspect the troops later . it 's time to activate the bomb .
67	kissenger	now , as for economic cooperation --
67	bender	whoa ! scuse me .
67	p.a. announcer	( on tannoy ) attention : all personnel evacuate the planet immediately . and not just because it 's meat loaf night .
67	zapp	come along , lemon before this whole dump blows up .
67	leela	( disguised , deeper voice ) uh , commander ? could you tell me when the bomb is exploding ?
67	zapp	of course , my significant soldier . the bomb is voice activated . it will detonate the instant the robot unwittingly speaks a certain word .
67	fry	what 's the word ... uh ... sir ?
67	zapp	it 's the one word the robot uses more than any other . we got it from this convenient database of his 10 most frequently-used words . number 10 , chump ; number nine , chumpette ; number eight , yours ; number seven , up ; number six , pimpmobile ; number five , bite ; number four , my ...... number three , shiny ; number two , daffodil . and bender 's number one most frequently uttered word , the word which , if uttered , will blow up this entire planet : ass .
67	fry	we do n't have long !
67	brain ball #1	we demand bouncing , followed by rolling , followed by rolling of the third type .
67	kissenger	say what ?
67	bender	my chair 's too hard . it 's a real pain in the ... uh , whattya call it ? lower back ! yeah , that whole region .
67	fry	ok , i got ta break down that gate , beat up those three guards , steal that chopper and rescue bender . hey , i did it ! wait , that 's not me .
67	leela	( shouting ) come on . we got ta save bender .
67	fry	you wan na save him too , lemon ? you barely know him .
67	leela	fry , do n't you recognise me ?
67	fry	hermes ?
67	zapp	lee ? when will i see you again ? the two of you are good friends ? but i thought we would be good friends . ( contemptuous ) well , let 's see how friendly you get when you 're sharing a prison cell !
67	leela	hey , zapp !
67	zapp	leela !
67	fry	leela !
67	zapp	so it 's you i 've been attracted to ! oh , god , i 've never been so happy to be beaten up by a woman .
67	leela	let 's do it again sometime .
67	brain ball #2	the elders tell of a young ball much like you . he bounced three metres in the air . then he bounced 1.8 metres in the air . then he bounced four metres in the air . do i make myself clear ?
67	kissenger	mr. ambassador , our people tell the same story . oy .
67	bender	these balls are making me testy . if they do n't stop bouncing and jiggling , i swear i 'm gon na shove this treaty up their -- wait a second . where do you shove things up a ball ?
67	kissenger	this is n't a productive area of discussion .
67	leela	we 're here . i followed the bouncing balls . i 'll keep the chopper at a safe altitude while you parachute down .
67	fry	ok , my best friend 's life is at stake . i can finally prove that i 'm not a coward . will you push me ?
67	leela	( shouting ) i already did !
67	fry	( shouting ) thank you ! at last , war has made me into a man .
67	kissenger	please , gentlemen . we must put an end to the bloodshed . we have all seen too many body bags and ball sacks .
67	brain ball #1	we can not condone bouncing of the seventh variety .
67	bender	enough of this crap ! i 'm catching the next pimpmobile outta here ! but before i go i have one thing to say . bite my shiny metal --
67	fry	stop ! you ca n't say the next word .
67	bender	up yours , chump , i said it 906 times before lunch .
67	fry	bender , if you say the a-word and you 'll blow this planet straight to the h-word !
67	kissenger	young man , you have the bravery of a hero and breath as fresh as a summer ham . what ? what is funny ?
67	bender	bender 's got the upper hand now . the name of the game is " make bender happy or he blows up the planet " . i 'd rather die and take everybody with me than sit here one more minute listening to these idiots talk about bouncing !
67	brain ball #1	please , stay calm . there 's no need to bounce of the handle .
67	bender	that 's it , i 'm saying it ! a is for --
67	brain ball #1	wait , stop ! we give in to all of earth 's demands . the war is over . our home planet is yours .
67	fry	all right ! hey . wait a minute ! this is your home planet ? we 're the evil , invading aliens ?
67	brain ball #2	correct .
67	bender	then i guess you learned a valuable lesson : do n't mess with earth .
67	brain ball #1	may you bounce in peace .
67	bender	get the hell off my planet .
67	farnsworth	well , that 's it . let 's reactivate him . ( shouting ) wake up !
67	bender	hey , chumps and chumpettes . did you get the bomb out ? can i go back to saying the word i love to say ?
67	zoidberg	i 'm sorry but we could n't remove it .
67	farnsworth	it 's stuck in there with glue or something . i do n't know .
67	bender	( ironic ) well , this is just great ! what 's the point of living if i ca n't say " ass " ? hey , i did n't blow up ! ass , ass , ass , ass , ass ! alright ! i 'm back in the saddle !
67	leela	we could n't disarm the bomb so we reset the word that triggers it .
67	amy	it 's from the list of words you almost never say .
67	bender	that 's using your ass . so , what 's the word ?
67	hermes	we think it 's better if you do n't know .
67	bender	oh , come on . i 'm not gon na say it . please ? oh , is it " please " ?
67	fry	no .
67	bender	hm , words i never say . oh , i know ! " thanks " !
67	leela	bender , stop trying to destroy the world .
67	bender	wait , wait , wait , wait . is it " sorry " ? no . " funderful " ? uh , " nonalcoholic " ?
67	amy	quit it !
67	fry	bender !
67	hermes	stop it , mon !
67	zoidberg	enough already !
67	bender	( from lab ) " compassion " ? " shrimptoast " ? " antiquing " ? i 'm alright !
68	fry	pizza delivery ! wow , so this is a real tv station , huh ?
68	technician	well , it 's a fox affiliate .
68	fry	what are you showing right now ?
68	technician	single female lawyer . it 's the season finale . wan na watch ?
68	fry	ah , i dunno . that 's a chick show . i prefer programmes of the genre " world 's blankiest blank " .
68	technician	she is wearing the world 's shortiest skirt .
68	fry	i 'm in !
68	judge	counselor , i remind you that it 's unethical to sleep with your client . if you really care about the outcome of the case , you should sleep with me .
68	single female lawyer	your honour , it 's bad enough to proposition a single female lawyer in court , but this is a unisex bathroom .
68	judge	overruled , counselor !
68	stenographer	could you repeat that last part ?
68	technician	oh , my god ! you 've knocked fox of the air !
68	fry	pfft ! like anyone on earth cares .
68	stenographer	could you repeat that last par --
68	lrrr	this is an outrage ! i demand to know what happened to the plucky lawyer and her compellingly short garment .
68	fox announcer	due to technical difficulties , we now bring you eight animated shows in a row .
68	hermes	what in the name of bob marley 's ghost ? get to work , you lazy boat bag !
68	bender	ow !
68	fry	ow ! hey , quit it , hermes . it 's labor day .
68	hermes	labor day ? that phoney-baloney holiday crammed down our throats by fat-cat union gangsters ?
68	fry	that 's the one .
68	hermes	hot damn , a day off !
68	leela	who 's up for one last summer beach trip ?
68	bender	aw , yeah !
68	hermes	ready freddy !
68	fry	( unenthusiastic ) eh , i think i 'll just stay here .
68	leela	fry , you 're wasting your life sitting in front of that tv . you need to get out and see the real world .
68	fry	but this is hdtv . it 's got better resolution than the real world !
68	leela	everyone 's too polite to say anything but you 're covered with bed sores .
68	fry	not covered !
68	leela	just get in the car .
68	farnsworth	ah , here we are : monument beach !
68	fry	wait , mount rushmore and the leaning tower of pisa ? i did n't know they were both in new york !
68	leela	they are now . in the 2600 's new yorkers elected a super-villain governor , and he stole most of the world 's monuments .
68	bender	truly a great man . look at him up there .
68	hermes	aha ! found you !
68	bender	ok , now you go hide . nice knowin ' you .
68	farnsworth	come on , zoidberg , i passed it right to you .
68	zoidberg	i 've had it with this game ! i 'm going for a scuttle !
68	bender	ok , everyone , come and get it !
68	fry	ah , just like my dad used to make ... until mcdonald 's fired him .
68	bender	bite my red-hot glowing ass . wait a minute . red-hot glowing ass ? ( calmly ) i 'll be right back ! ow ow ow ow ow ow ow ow ow ! aw , yeah !
68	amy	no , nibbler ! ( whispering ) psst , professor , i need another bikini .
68	farnsworth	eh ... wha ? oh , oh , ok , i think there 's one can left . oh , my .
68	amy	there . how do i look ?
68	farnsworth	like a cheap french harlot .
68	amy	french ?!
68	bully	say , doll-face , how 'd you like to make time with a real man ?
68	leela	no . i 'm not attracted to bullies . no matter how big and ... ... handsome they are .
68	fry	it 's ok , leela , go ahead . i got a lot of work to do .
68	bully	uh , sir , you do n't understand . i 'm a professional beach bully . i pretend to steal your girl , you punch me , i go down , she swoons , you slip me 50 bucks .
68	fry	50 bucks ?! not even if she was my girlfriend . you take her .
68	leela	fry ! although i suppose we could go for a walk along the beach .
68	bully	uh , no thanks , ma'am , i 'm actually gay .
68	zoidberg	uh-oh . help ! help ! bender , you got ta spring me . i 'll never survive in here ; i 'm too pretty !
68	bender	alright , alright , i 'll bust you out . cheese it !
68	fry	voila . the greatest sandcastle ever built . this is the kind of castle king arthur would have lived in -- if he were a fiddler crab .
68	leela	it 's very nice . we should get a picture before the tide comes in .
68	fry	ooh , yeah . anyone have a camera ?
68	bender	right here , buddy . wait , i wan na be in the picture too . pretend you 're happy .
68	zoidberg	yay !
68	leela	oh , my god !
68	hermes	what in babylon ?
68	fry	( screaming ) nooo !
68	hermes	faster !
68	fry	we 're all gon na die , are n't we ?
68	farnsworth	oh , i should think so . although last time aliens invaded all they did was force the most intelligent of us to pair off and mate continuously . ( chuffed ) oh , yes !
68	linda	once again , today 's winning lotto number was 4 . in other news , alien saucers continue to rain destruction upon earth . we now go live to an emergency address by earth president mcneal .
68	mcneal	ladies and gentlemen , our course is clear . the time has come to knuckle under . to get down on all fours and really lick boot . give our alien masters whatever they want a --
68	lrrr	people of earth , i am lrrr of the planet omicron persei 8 . is this thing on ? now then : we want the one you call " mcneal " . give us mcneal or we will lay waste to your cities with our anti-monument laser . we demand mcneal !
68	mcneal	uh , as i was saying ... ... mankind would sooner perish than kowtow to outrageous alien demands for this mcneal ... whoever he is . am i right ? and now , the man who will lead us in our proud struggle for freedom , fresh from his bloody triumph over the pacifists of the gandhi nebula , 25-star general zapp brannigan !
68	man	yeah !
68	bender	hey , look , leela , it 's that idiotic windbag you slept with .
68	leela	the earth is under attack . ca n't we just forget about that ?
68	bender	evidently not .
68	zapp	call me cocky , but if there 's an alien out there i ca n't kill , i have n't met him and killed him yet . but i ca n't go it alone . that 's why i 'm ordering every available ship to report for duty . anyone without a ship should secure a weapon and fire wildly into the air .
68	leela	well , you heard the windbag : we 've been drafted . everyone into the ship .
68	bender	whoa , whoa , whoa , whoa , hold on . i refuse to fight . i 'm a conscientious objector .
68	fry	a what ?
68	bender	you know , a coward .
68	zapp	since this is an emergency all robots will now have their patriotism circuits activated .
68	bender	it is every robot 's duty to give his life for the good of humanity . oh , crap !
68	zapp	we 're all from different cultures here . some of you are white , some of you are black . you 're brown . and you 're silver . but i do n't care if your skin 's red or tan or chinese . you 're all going to have to learn to die together . am i right , soldier ?
68	bender	well actually i -- sir , yes sir ! sir !
68	zapp	remember , our mission is simple : destroy all aliens !
68	kif	um , uh , not me , sir .
68	zapp	oh , yes , right . nobody destroy kif ... ( quietly ) unless you have to . ( talking ) oh ho ho ! the luscious captain leela . this is turning into one very sex-ay struggle for the future of the human race !
68	leela	thanks , but i 'm not technically human .
68	zapp	right , right . nobody destroy leela either .
68	zapp	the key to victory is discipline , and that means a well-made bed . you will practise until you can make your bed in your sleep .
68	fry	you mean while i 'm sleeping in it ?
68	zapp	you wo n't have time for sleeping , soldier . not with all the bed-making you 'll be doing .
68	zapp	the alien mothership is in orbit here . if we can hit that bullseye the rest of the dominoes will fall like a house of cards . checkmate . now , like all great plans , my strategy is so simple an idiot could have devised it . on my command all ships will line up and file directly into the alien death cannons , clogging them with wreckage .
68	fry	w-wouldn ' t it make more sense to send the robots in first a --
68	bender	sir , i volunteer for a suicide mission . aw , cut it out !
68	zapp	you 're a brave robot , son . but when i 'm in command every mission 's a suicide mission . which reminds me . leela , perhaps before we head into battle you 'd like to make love to me , in case one of us does n't come back .
68	leela	maybe we should wait 'til afterwards , in case neither of us comes back .
68	zapp	here 's hoping .
68	fry	i 'm gon na be a science-fiction hero , just like uhura , or captain janeway , or xena !
68	leela	fry , this is n't tv , it 's real life . ca n't you tell the difference ?
68	fry	sure , i just like tv better .
68	leela	bender , damage report .
68	bender	the auxiliary power 's out , and they spilled my cocktail .
68	fry	alright , scumwads . this one 's for bender 's cocktail !
68	leela	we did it ! we won !
68	bender	( sadly ) yeah , but it 'll never bring back my martini . ( normal ) well , who wants a martini ?
68	zapp	good work , everyone . the mothership is destroyed .
68	zapp	what the hell is that thing ?
68	kif	it appears to be the mothership .
68	zapp	then what did we just blow up ?
68	kif	the hubble telescope .
68	zapp	( shouting ) stop exploding , you cowards !
68	leela	this is hopeless . if we 're gon na get blown to bits , we might as well do it in the comfort of our own home .
68	farnsworth	you 'll be the captain , you 'll be the delivery boy , and you 'll be the alcoholic , foul-mouthed -- oh , god , you 're alive . i mean , thank god you 're alive ! sorry , check back in three days , a week at the most .
68	lrrr	we want mcneal ! stop stalling !
68	linda	and now a rebuttal from president mcneal .
68	mcneal	the people of earth remain united in my refusal to hand over myself . total annihalation is a small price to pay compared with --
68	zapp	( shouting ) here he is ! come and get him !
68	lrrr	you are not mcneal .
68	zapp	( simultaneously ) huh ?
68	mcneal	( simultaneously ) huh ?
68	nd-nd	you are not the one we want .
68	mcneal	oh , thank you . thank you , glorious masters ! i --
68	lrrr	give us mcneal !
68	zapp	that was mcneal .
68	nd-nd	no , mcneal : the single female lawyer .
68	lrrr	she wears miniskirts and is promiscuous .
68	zapp	( sexfully ) really ?
68	fry	miniskirts ? that sounds familiar .
68	lrrr	surely you know mcneal . she is an unmarried human female struggling to succeed in a human male 's world .
68	zapp	maybe that 's just her excuse for being incompetent .
68	lrrr	( shouting ) silence ! ( talking ) we will accept no more decoys . this is the mcneal .
68	fry	wait , i know her .
68	leela	you do not , you big fat liar . you do n't know anyone . all you do is watch tv .
68	fry	that 's where i know her from . she 's jenny mcneal . she was a character on a tv show back in the 20th century , single female lawyer .
68	bender	well if they 're hoping to see a tv show that has n't existed for a thousand years , pfft , they are royally boned .
68	lrrr	we will raise your planet 's temperature by one million degrees a day , for five days , unless we see mcneal at 9pm tomorrow -- 8 central !
68	farnsworth	( disappointed ) i 'm beginning to think there 'll be no forced mating at all .
68	leela	they 're going to destroy the entire earth if they do n't see some stupid tv show about some bimbo lawyer ?
68	fry	it 's crazy ! how could they even know about a show from a thousand years ago ?
68	farnsworth	well , omicron persei 8 is about a thousand light years away . so the electro-magnetic waves would just recently have gotten there . you see --
68	fry	magic . got it .
68	amy	check this out : back in 1999 the season finale of single female lawyer was interrupted by technical problems . apparently some zidiot spilled coke on the transmitter .
68	fry	beer -- i would think .
68	bender	they must just wan na see that episode . let 's find a tape and give it to 'em .
68	amy	there are n't any copies left .
68	farnsworth	no , there would n't be . most videotapes from that era were damaged in 2443 during the second coming of jesus .
68	fry	y' know , i saw the first 30 seconds of that episode . if i could make up an ending , maybe we could act it out ourselves .
68	zoidberg	i could make the costumes .
68	farnsworth	i have an old five-megawatt broadcasting tower in the attic .
68	bender	( dramatically ) and i , i could be an acting coach !
68	fry	let 's put on a show .
68	fry	ok , leela , you 'll be starring as jenny --
68	leela	uh-uh , forget it . a : i 'm camera shy , and b : i get tongue tied in front of an audience armed with death rays .
68	amy	plus , you do n't really have the thighs for a miniskirt .
68	leela	gim me the script .
68	fry	places , everyone .
68	amy	ok ... all set !
68	fry	lights ! camera one ! camera two ! camera three !
68	lrrr	prepare the water cooler , that we may gather around it later and discuss things .
68	bender	( singing ) ... and being self-reliant .
68	farnsworth	uh , ( reading ) jenny mcneal , you are charged with jury-tampering in last week 's case ... ... on account of your hot , naked affair with the foreman . how do you plead ?
68	leela	your honour , i move for a mistrial , on the grounds that i 'm also having a hot , naked affair with the foreman of this jury .
68	hermes	( sexfully ) i 'll see you during the recess !
68	lrrr	if mcneal wishes to be taken seriously why does she not simply tear the judge 's head off ?
68	nd-nd	it is true what they say ; " women are from omicron persei 7 , men are from omicron persei 9 " .
68	farnsworth	( reading ) your witness , prosecutor ramirez .
68	zoidberg	gracias . single female lawyer , where were you on the night of august 23rd ?
68	leela	sleeping with you .
68	zoidberg	aha !
68	leela	uh , g -- uh , getting back to the , uh , matter , uh-uh , if it please the court ... ( whispering ) fry , there 's nothing else here . you only wrote two pages of dialogue .
68	fry	well , it took an hour to write . i thought it would take an hour to read .
68	leela	what are we supposed to do now ?
68	fry	i do n't know , i do n't know . just say anything . as long as it 's compelling , mesmerising , a tour de force .
68	leela	uh ...
68	farnsworth	( reading ) what say you , single female lawyer ?
68	leela	i say ... i 'm giving up the law . and i 'm giving up being single . your honour , will you marry me ?
68	fry	no , no ! go to commercial !
68	bender	we 'll be back after this word from crazy bender 's discount stereo .
68	fry	married ? jenny ca n't get married .
68	leela	why not ? it 's clever , it 's unexpected .
68	fry	but that 's not why people watch tv . clever things make people feel stupid , and unexpected things make them feel scared .
68	lrrr	attention , mcneal . your unexpected marriage plan scares us . you stole our hearts as a single female lawyer , and so shall you remain -- or else !
68	fry	you see ? tv audiences do n't want anything original . they wan na see the same thing they 've seen a thousand times before .
68	bender	( la arnold jackson ) whatchoo talkin ' ' bout , fry ?
68	fry	trust me on this . while other people were out living their lives , i wasted mine watching tv , because deep down i knew it might one day help me save the world . plus , i would have lost my workman 's comp if i hadd gone outside . now just read these cue cards .
68	fry	and action !
68	farnsworth	( reading ) miss mcneal , i 'm afraid i must decline your offer of marriage . for , you see , i 'm dying . cough , then fall over dead .
68	zoidberg	( reading ; unmoved ) my god , he 's dead .
68	leela	( reading ) i will now make my closing statement . with my fianc deceased ... ... i hereby return to my single female lawyer career . no matter what any man says .
68	hermes	we find the defendant vulnerable yet spunky !
68	zoidberg	( cheering ) hooray !
68	amy	( cheering ) hooray !
68	fry	and ... cut !
68	bender	( singing ) single female lawyer , having lot 's of sex -- ( talking ) huh ?
68	lrrr	attention , mcneal . we are reasonably satisfied with the events we have seen . overall i would rate it a c + , ok , not great . as a result , we will not destroy your planet . but neither will we provide you with our recipe for immortality .
68	fry	way to overact , zoidberg !
68	lrrr	and now we must return to our planet , to catch the end of a thousand-year-old leno monologue .
68	bender	you did it , fry !
68	fry	yep . it was just a matter of knowing the secret of all tv shows ; at the end of the episode , everything 's always right back to normal .
69	shatner	( voice-over ) shatner 's log , airdate ... unknown .
69	shatner	the impossible has happened . it would take days to recount the events i have witnessed . so , settle in . it all began --
69	zapp	quiet , you ! this court martial is now in session . the honourably sexy zapp brannigan residing . bring in the accused .
69	takei	oh , my !
69	zapp	philip j. fry , you stand accused of travelling to the forbidden planet omega 3 , a crime punishable by 12 concurrent death sentences . do you understand the charges ?
69	kif	one beep for " yes " , two beeps for " no " .
69	zapp	" yes " . so noted . do you plead guilty ? double " yes " . guilty ! i will now carry out the punishment . kif , my gun .
69	leela	wait ! he plead not guilty .
69	zapp	order ! order in the court ! very well then , mr. fry . please recount the events that led you to be guilty .
69	leela	the professor said he was taking a brief nap , so we only have time for six movies .
69	bender	lets take these six jim carrey movies and record over them .
69	fry	you know what movies average out to be really good ? the first six star trek movies !
69	clerk	( shouting ) everybody hit the deck !
69	leela	( whispering ) sh ! those words are forbidden !
69	fry	what words ? star trek ?
69	leela	sh !
69	zoidberg	shut your gills !
69	bender	that sound ! it 's patrol car 718 ! hide him !
69	zapp	the court is intrigued . perhaps we could hear more about these forbidden words from someone with a sexilly seductive voice .
69	takei	with pleasure . you see , the show was banned after the star trek wars .
69	zapp	you mean after the vast migration of star wars fans ?
69	nichols	no , that was the star wars trek . by the 23rd century , star trek fandom had evolved from a loose association of nerds with skin problems into a full-blown religion .
69	priest	and scotty beamed them to the klingon ship where they would be no tribble at all .
69	congregation	all power to the engines .
69	nichols	as country after country fell under its influence , world leaders became threatened by the movements power . and so the trekkies were executed in the manner most befitting virgins .
69	man	he 's dead , jim ! he 's dead , jim ! he 's dead , jim !
69	nichols	finally , the sacred texts were banned .
69	takei	the last copies of the 79 episodes and six movies were dumped on the forbidden world omega 3 . along with that blooper reel where the door does n't close all the way .
69	nimoy	thus , star trek was forever scoured from human memory .
69	bender	another classic science-fiction show cancelled before its time .
69	zapp	i 've never heard of such a brutal and shocking injustice that i cared so little about . next witness .
69	kif	bender the robot , please take the stand .
69	fry	she 's all yours , buddy !
69	bender	i 'd only met the defendant , fry , once , but i knew he was up to no good .
69	zapp	please use the beeps .
69	fry	mr. nimoy , i came as soon as i heard what happened centuries ago . i ca n't believe your show was banned .
69	nimoy	i have absolutely no idea what you 're talking about .
69	fry	you know ? 1966 ? 79 episodes , about 30 good ones .
69	nimoy	oh , really , i 've done too many things to remember one particular tv series . but if-if you want to discuss my books of poetry --
69	fry	come on ! remember that episode where you go high on spores and smacked kirk around ?
69	nimoy	no . perhaps you 're thinking of my one man show about vincent van spock -- uh , uh , i mean van gogh ! damn !
69	fry	aha ! you ca n't escape it !
69	nimoy	( crying ) oh , you 're right , i ca n't .
69	fry	uh , jeez , do n't get upset . i mean , ok i outwitted you , but --
69	nimoy	( crying ) no , it 's my fellow cast members . 300 years ago they left earth behind .
69	shatner	this planet does n't appreciate us anymore , leonard .
69	nimoy	bill , you are , and always shall be , my friend . but i just signed a six-month lease on my apartment . i ca n't walk away from a commitment like that .
69	shatner	very well , my friend .
69	nimoy	( crying ) why did the world turn its back on our obvious greatness ?
69	fry	i 'm literally angry with rage ! your co-stars may be gone but we can still get those episode tapes back for the whole world to see . come on !
69	nimoy	oh !
69	frakes	yes ! front row !
69	leela	you ca n't go to omega 3 ; it 's forbidden ! i forbid you !
69	fry	but we have to ! the world needs star trek to give people hope for the future .
69	leela	but it 's set 800 years in the past !
69	bender	yeah , why is this so important to you ?
69	fry	'cause it-it taught me so much . like how you should accept people , whether they be black , white , klingon or even female . but most importantly , when i did n't have any friends , it made me feel like maybe i did .
69	leela	well , that is touchingly pathetic . i guess i ca n't let you go alone .
69	bender	i 'll go too , with leonard 's permission , of course .
69	leela	we 're entering the omega system .
69	computer voice	warning : you are now in forbidden space .
69	bender	forbidden shmer-shmidden ! what are they gon na do , write a letter ? ( sarcastic ) ooh , i 'm so scared !
69	leela	i 've lost control of the ship !
69	fry	oh , dip !
69	nimoy	dip , indeed !
69	fry	it 's all stuff from that forbidden show .
69	nimoy	so many cardboard sets , so many memories . if only the others --
69	shatner	i guess that 's my cue .
69	nimoy	bill !
69	shatner	l-dog !
69	nimoy	( laughing ) hey ! this is wonderful !
69	shatner	oh , man .
69	nimoy	i feel like hugging you .
69	shatner	well i would except you have no body ! and we 're both men .
69	nimoy	nichelle ! george ! walter ! deforest ! welshy !
69	fry	welshy ?
69	nichols	we did some musical reunion specials in the 2200 's but the guy who played scotty had trouble yodelling .
69	takei	ever since then , welshy has been a welcome participant in our escapades .
69	fry	i ca n't believe it ! how 'd you all end up here ?
69	shatner	we were on our way to welshy 's cousin 's house to stay in the guest room when our ship was pulled down to this planet and crashed , just like yours .
69	koenig	when we woke up , we had these bodies .
69	fry	say it in russian !
69	koenig	ven ve voke up ve had these wodies .
69	fry	now say " nuclear wessels " !
69	koenig	no !
69	takei	you 'll love it here . everything is provided for us . and we never age . check out these abs !
69	bender	yowza !
69	leela	but who 's doing all this for you ?
69	shatner	you know , we never thought about it . we 're famous celebrities -- we 're used to this sort of treatment .
69	melllvar	it is i !
69	bender	whoa ! what a cheesy effect !
69	melllvar	i am not an effect ! you doubt my power ?
69	bender	i do .
69	welshy	( shouting ) aye !
69	fry	( screaming ) welshy !
69	zapp	this court will now hear some very sensual testimony from this court 's ex-lover , turanga leela .
69	leela	go yourself .
69	melllvar	behold another power , different from the one you saw earlier .
69	nimoy	hey ! a body ! buff , tan . yeah , this is mine alright !
69	fry	alright , you gas , what 's the deal ?
69	melllvar	centuries ago , the videotaped adventures of the enterprise crew rained down upon my planet . over and over , i watched them . especially the five with the energy beings . i am melllvar ! seer of the tapes , knower of the episodes ! tremble before my encyclopaedic knowledge of star trek !
69	fry	tremble ? i laugh . nobody knows more about star trek than me !
69	melllvar	i beg to differ . long have i waited for the one who played spock . at last , we can begin .
69	fry	cool ! a star trek convention !
69	nimoy	uh , melllvar , can you give us some idea of how long this is going to last ?
69	melllvar	until time stops .
69	leela	what ?
69	shatner	he ca n't do this !
69	nimoy	you ca n't be serious !
69	melllvar	now , we have a full schedule of events --
69	bender	uh , can people who hate star trek leave ?
69	koenig	good question !
69	melllvar	no , you have to stay even longer .
69	melllvar	um , uh , sign it to melllvar . " melllvar " has three " l 's " .
69	takei	i think i 've done enough conventions to know how to spell " melllvar " .
69	bender	say " nerd " !
69	all	nerd !
69	shatner	( spoken-word ) i 'm slim shady , yes , i 'm the real shady , all you other slim shadys are just imitating , so wo n't the real slim shady please stand up , please stand up , please stand up .
69	koenig	how can you do a spoken-word version of a rap song ?
69	melllvar	he found a way .
69	leela	for one hundred quatloos : who did the captain maroon on ceti alpha v ?
69	shatner	khaaan !
69	fry	uh ... khan ?
69	leela	correct .
69	melllvar	my button has broken . the trivia contest has ended . i-i now have a surprise . you will perform a fan script , written by the ultimate trek fan .
69	fry	you have my fan script ?
69	melllvar	i meant me ! melllvar is the ultimate fan !
69	fry	( smug ) oh , i was confused because the scoreboard says something different .
69	melllvar	trivia contest over ! take your scripts ! we have limited rehearsal time . now , i did n't make enough copies of the script so george and walter will have to share .
69	leela	uh , you probably do n't want us to see you rehearsing , or it 'll give away the ending .
69	melllvar	that 's right ! the ending must not be ruined .
69	leela	we 'll go wait in the ship .
69	melllvar	ok .
69	fry	not 'til i get my 600 quatloos !
69	fry	this is wrong . we should n't have abandoned them there .
69	bender	i dunno , i 'm feeling pretty good about it .
69	leela	i did n't wan na leave them either , fry , but what are we supposed to do ?
69	fry	well , usually on the show someone would come up with a complicated plan then explain it with a simple analogy .
69	leela	hmm . if we can re-route engine power through the primary weapons and reconfigure them to melllvar 's frequency , that should overload his electro-quantum structure .
69	bender	like putting too much air in a balloon !
69	fry	of course ! it 's so simple !
69	shatner	( reading ) alas , my ship , whom i love like a woman , is . . . disabled . oh , lord !
69	nimoy	( reading ) fascinating , captain , and logical too . yet we need some help .
69	takei	( reading ) look , captain , melllvar will help us .
69	koenig	( reading ) keptin , i wope he will welp our ... vessel .
69	melllvar	wessel ! you 're not acting hard enough !
69	nimoy	melllvar , you have to respect your actors . when i directed star trek iv i got a magnificent performance out of bill because i respected him so much .
69	shatner	and when i directed star trek v i got a magnificent performance out of me , because i respected me so much !
69	bender	( shouting ) ok ! i 'm done re-kafoobling the energy motron ... or , whatever .
69	leela	fire !
69	nichols	( reading ) my , what a handsome energy creature you are . i love you . hey , you wrote it !
69	leela	its not working ! he 's drawing straight from our weapons .
69	fry	like a balloon and ... something bad happens .
69	bender	yup !
69	leela	so , uh , how 's rehearsal going ?
69	melllvar	lousy . here i 've been admiring a bunch of actors while you , a crew of genuine space heroes , risked your lives to save them .
69	nimoy	hey ! we 've done heroic things too .
69	nichols	yeah ! in the third season i kissed shatner !
69	melllvar	silence ! my whole world has turned upside-down . i have but one option .
69	koenig	keep them and let us go ?
69	melllvar	no ! to determine who is more worthy of my fanatical devotion i shall pit you together against each other in armed combat ... to the death !
69	bender	where 'd you get an idiotic idea like that ?
69	melllvar	episodes 19 , 46 , 56 and 77 .
69	fry	great list . except , you forgot episode
69	melllvar	i was getting to that one !
69	zapp	so melllvar ordered a battle to the death . i assume no one survived .
69	leela	can we get on with this ? my foot 's getting tired !
69	melllvar	this will be your standard battle to the death . the only weapons : whatever you can find . but i warn you , do nothing until i have signalled the start of combat . ok , start .
69	koenig	i do n't have much experience at fighting -- except with you guys .
69	shatner	i have an idea . was n't there an episode where i threw my shoe at the enemy ?
69	nimoy	you mean doohan ?
69	shatner	whoever it was , i did it like this .
69	takei	ow !
69	shatner	my foot 's cold !
69	leela	there , we can make these into spears .
69	fry	and we can tie these caterpillars together to make bow strings for bows and arrows .
69	bender	and we can use this machine gun to shoot them ! yee-haw ! that was fun !
69	nichols	what if i distract them with my famous fan dance ?
69	shatner	oh , that 's good , good , good , good . and then , george , you give them a karate chop !
69	takei	i find that offensive . just because i 'm of japanese ancestry you assume i know karate . have i ever led you to believe i 've studied karate ?
69	shatner	well , no , but you never talk about yourself .
69	takei	( sadly ) maybe if you showed a little interest .
69	fry	well , here goes nothing .
69	nichols	( sexfully ) hello , boys !
69	bender	whoa !
69	takei	hi-yah !
69	shatner	there 's no right way to hit a woman .
69	leela	then do it the wrong way .
69	shatner	fine . yah !
69	leela	is that all you 've got ? hi-yah !
69	shatner	see you in h --
69	bender	come on , walter !
69	nimoy	take that !
69	fry	it hurts !
69	nimoy	let 's see if this actually works ! hm . ow ! ow ! ow !
69	koenig	my face !
69	takei	ow ! my face too !
69	shatner	may i ? oh !
69	melllvar	excellent ! excellent !
69	shatner	leela , please . this is exactly what melllvar wants . we 're just pawns in his diabolical game of checkers . ca n't we resolve our differences some other way ?
69	melllvar's mother	melllvar ! dinner time !
69	melllvar	aw , but mom , i 'm playing with my collectables !
69	melllvar's mother	now !
69	fry	all this time we thought he was a powerful super-being , yet he was just a child .
69	melllvars's mother	he 's not a child , he 's 34 !
69	bender	alright , koenig , i 've wanted to do this for years !
69	fry	bender , wait ! this is our chance to escape , before melllvar comes back . but we all need to work together .
69	shatner	i love you so much !
69	nimoy	hello ?
69	fry	we 've decided to work together .
69	nimoy	uh , so did they .
69	shatner	now , how do we escape ?
69	leela	we ca n't use our ship ; we have life support but the engines are wrecked .
69	takei	ironic because our engines work but our life support systems do n't .
69	leela	hey , if your engines work --
69	takei	and your life support systems work --
69	fry	stop ! you 're just goin ' around in circles ! ( to himself ) think , fry , think ! everyone 's depending on you .
69	leela	we 're too heavy . you guys need to lose some weight , fast !
69	fry	look , leonard , we 're light enough to keep the tapes ! is n't that great ?
69	nimoy	i 'm living in a gefilte fish jar .
69	fry	we did it !
69	fry	melllvar 's got a spaceship !
69	melllvar	yes , in mint condition . and you made me take it out of the package !
69	leela	the nimbus ! we 're saved !
69	zapp	you 're under arrest . prepare to be boarded .
69	zapp	so i boarded you , eh . what happened next ?
69	leela	you started this stupid court martial . now if you do n't mind , we 're still fighting melllvar !
69	leela	one more hit and we 're done for !
69	takei	let 's take 'em out with us . do you guys have a self-destruct code ? like " destruct sequence 1-a , 2-b , 3 -- "
69	bender	thanks a lot , takei , now everybody knows !
69	melllvar	if i ca n't have the original cast of star trek , no one will ! prepare to die !
69	fry	wait ! if they mean that much to you , why do you wan na kill them ?
69	melllvar	because i ... i ... i dunno what i 'd do without them .
69	fry	melllvar , you ca n't let a tv show be your whole life . you can do anything you want . look at walter koenig : after star trek , he became an actor .
69	koenig	not just an actor , but a well-rounded person , with my own friends and credit cards and keys .
69	melllvar	well , i guess i could move out of my parents ' basement ... maybe get a temp job .
69	fry	whoa , whoa ! one step at a time .
69	melllvar	i thank you , fry . you know , you and i are of a kind . in a different reality i could have called you " friend " .
69	fry	episode 10 , balance of terror .
69	melllvar	more like episode nine , loser ! in your face ! victory is mine !
69	shatner	i wonder , my friends , was he really such an evil energy gas ?
69	nichols	he did give us eternal youth .
69	koenig	24-hour laundromat .
69	takei	a full assortment of rum , both spiced and regular .
69	nimoy	truly , it was a paradise .
69	fry	and all you had to put up with was one really annoying star trek fan .
69	shatner	let 's get the hell outta here !
70	mr. wong	( from inside ) yes ?
70	amy	hi , dad . it 's me and my co-workers .
70	mrs. wong	( from inside ) open up , leo . it 's amy and her weirdos .
70	mrs. wong	howdy , friends ! welcome to mars !
70	leela	thanks so much for inviting us , mr. wong . i 've never been to a mars day barbecue .
70	mr. wong	oh , mars day much better than earth day . dump trash wherever you want ! big , empty planet !
70	mrs. wong	ok , then . make yourselves at home .
70	zoidberg	do n't mind if i already did . by the way , do you have anymore of this dom perignon bubble bath ? there was only enough to fill the tub halfway .
70	farnsworth	this is quite a large ranch you have .
70	mr. wong	17.9 billion acres . we own entire western hemisphere . ( whispering ) that the best hemisphere !
70	farnsworth	it 's the same on earth .
70	mr. wong	here is most number one product of all : the mighty buggalo . they used for everything ; meat , milk and their shells make good row boat .
70	zoidberg	( shouting ) i broke your television .
70	hermes	mon , it must take forever to brand all those cattle .
70	mr. wong	not really . we own so much stuff , it easier just to brand everything that not ours .
70	hermes	please do n't do that .
70	amy	betsy ! this is my sweet , little betsy . i raised her from a larva that ate one of my sweaters .
70	mr. wong	yes , everybody love betsy . we going to eat her at amy 's wedding . if she ever get married !
70	amy	dad ! gleesh ! please do n't say things like that when you meet my boyfriend tonight .
70	mr. wong	oh , that right . we finally get to spend some time with this mr. kif .
70	mrs. wong	i just hope he 's a nice man who can make us lot of grandchildren . this not some parallel universe where you getting any younger .
70	zapp	now , remember , kif : the quickest way to a girl 's bed is through her parents . have sex with them and you 're in .
70	kif	actually , sir , i 'm , i 'm a little nervous about meeting her family .
70	zapp	well that 's natural . after all you 're meek and uninteresting . until now you 've gotten by on my left-over charisma , scrounging off it like a tiny charisma parasite .
70	kif	i just hope they like me .
70	zapp	and why would n't they ? yes , yes , i know . tiny , meek , uninteresting . spare me your tedious life story , kif . and above all have fun !
70	bender	yeah , yeah , get on down ! oh , yeah ! drop another barnyard bomb on us , vanilla corn !
70	dj	yo , fool ! it 's mixmaster festus !
70	fry	so what 's mars day about , anyway ?
70	mrs. wong	it commemorate the day centuries ago when our ancestor , sir reginald wong , bought mars from stupid natives .
70	leela	how can you call the native martians " stupid " ?
70	mr. wong	they sell whole planet for one bead . sound stupid to me !
70	farnsworth	that is stupid !
70	leela	i ca n't believe you 're laughing at the tragic exploitation of a proud , bead-loving people .
70	fry	lighten up , leela . it 's funny !
70	leela	of course it is . but you do n't have to laugh !
70	kif	amy , no ! not on your parents ' planet !
70	rj	howdy , amy . glad to see you 've come back to the country . it 's where the flavour is .
70	amy	rj , this is my boyfriend , kif .
70	rj	this wimp ? you 've gone a long way , baby . cigarette , partner ?
70	kif	oh , i do n't --
70	rj	i have n't even lit it yet !
70	kif	oh . is it lit now ?
70	rj	yep . you 're pathetic !
70	zoidberg	host-man ! host-woman ! i 'm having a wonderful time !
70	mr. wong	you here five hours and already you tear up couch , draw moustache on priceless painting and fill pool with brine shrimp .
70	zoidberg	not bad for a city boy , huh ? by the way , i took the liberty of fertilising your caviar .
70	amy	just relax . i 'm sure my parents will love you .
70	kif	you do n't understand . when i get nervous , i ca n't control my camouflage reflex . oh , dear ! oh , goodness ! oh , odds and bodkins !
70	fry	i 'll have a thorax and some feelers .
70	mr. wong	you want some salad with that ?
70	fry	yuck !
70	amy	mom ? dad ? you remember kif ?
70	mr. wong	this your boyfriend ? i have instant dislike of him !
70	mrs. wong	he too scrawny to father grandchildren .
70	amy	he 's not scrawny , he 's just small-boned .
70	kif	actually , i do n't have bones . i 'm supported by a system of fluid-filled bladders that --
70	mr. wong	yes , yes ! you a big squishy wuss ! amy should be dating real man . like him !
70	kif	i can be manly too . i think i 'll , uh , light up a smoke .
70	amy	( whispering ) wrong way !
70	kif	( wheezy ) smooth !
70	amy	look on the bright side : my parents left after you passed out so they did n't even see you barf .
70	kif	oh , now they 'll never think i 'm manly enough to date their daughter .
70	amy	it 's ok , kif . i 'll go get you a tissue from your tote .
70	rj	hey there , amy . like you to meet my buddy , joe .
70	joe	sorry i 'm late . my pool game ran long at the jazz club !
70	rj	kids love him !
70	fry	what 's that weird sound ?
70	mr. wong	dust storm ! oh , dust storm ! everybody into house . hurry , before we die . and wipe your damn feet !
70	mrs. wong	phew ! everyone ok ? no-one considering lawsuit ?
70	farnsworth	hmm . i might have mental anguish .
70	mr. wong	i 'll have you know i 'm friends with every judge on planet .
70	farnsworth	i 'm ok then .
70	mrs. wong	storm dying down . leo , check if buggalo herd is ok .
70	mr. wong	oh !
70	leela	what happened to the buggalo ?
70	mr. wong	they been rustled under cover of storm . we ruined !
70	zoidberg	( screaming ) nooo !
70	amy	do n't worry , daddy . it 'll be ok .
70	mr. wong	oh , really ? who gon na save us ? one-eye ? lobster mooch ? drunken garbage can ?
70	hermes	this sounds like a job for --
70	kif	lieutenant kif kroker !
70	hermes	alright then .
70	mr. wong	aye-ah ! those buggalo are what made wong family so rich and powerful . oh , inez , with them stolen , we ruined !
70	mrs. wong	ok . i want a divorce .
70	zoidberg	mom ! dad ! do n't ask me to choose !
70	amy	they 're not your parents , i 'm not your sister and that 's not your golf cart .
70	zoidberg	aw !
70	amy	everybody just calm down . kif promised he 'd catch the rustlers .
70	kif	mrs. wong , do you have a neckerchief i could borrow ?
70	kif	my plan is to take all the remaining buggalo and lead them on a rough , tough cattle drive . then , when the rustlers attack , i 'll make a citizen 's arrest !
70	farnsworth	it sounds dangerous . someone could get killed . fry , leela , bender , i want you to go with him .
70	fry	aw , man !
70	kif	do n't worry , mr. and mrs. wong . i 'll get your cattle back or die trying .
70	mr. wong	hey , we ca n't lose !
70	amy	no , kif ! it 's too risky . you do n't have to do this to prove your manliness .
70	mrs. wong	oh , yes he does !
70	rj	here are your mounts !
70	leela	she 's got a fine coat .
70	kif	now , we need buggalo to lure the rustlers . how many are left ?
70	amy	you 're lookin ' at her . betsy 's the only one left . she was curled up in my hamper when the storm hit . aw , she likes you !
70	kif	saddle up , men . we got some no good rustlers to ... catch !
70	bender	we 've got a right to pick a little fight with rustlers ,
70	fry	yee-haw !
70	leela	wow , look at that : olympus mons . the tallest volcano in the solar system .
70	fry	where ?
70	leela	right in front of you .
70	fry	oh . oh !
70	kif	we 'll camp near the top . the rustlers will be sure to spot us there .
70	fry	where ?
70	bender	and even thought the computer was off and unplugged , an image stayed on the screen . it was ... the windows logo !
70	fry	pfft , that 's not scary !
70	bender	it is if you 're a laser printer .
70	leela	ok , my turn to tell a ghost story . once , there was this woman driving --
70	fry	hook on the hand !
70	kif	ok , i 've got one . this family --
70	fry	man in the attic !
70	leela	fine , mr. know-it-all-about-something-finally , you tell a story !
70	fry	with pleasure . ( spookily ) once , not far from here , four people set out on a cattle drive --
70	bender	( speaking fast ) robot gets bored and kills fry with a hammer ! ( normal ) sorry , go on .
70	fry	and then , while they sat helplessly around the campfire ... a demented knife-wielding escaped lunatic libertarian zombie mutant snuck up and --
70	amy	( from bushes ) surprise !
70	kif	amy ? what are you doing here ?
70	amy	i forgot to give you something before you left .
70	kif	what ?
70	amy	is that your camouflage reflex or are you just happy to see me ?
70	kif	i love it out here , amy . i feel so manly . i have a blister , i-i spit ! a-and of course , i tell no one my feelings .
70	amy	but you still have them , right ?
70	kif	oh , yes . but i keep them inside until i can write them in my diary .
70	amy	ah , it 's a wonderful night .
70	kif	it sure is . i could just lie here beside you staring at the sky all night .
70	amy	i ca n't ! what 's that ?
70	kif	maybe we just made love .
70	amy	the buggalo ! they 're in the crater .
70	kif	the rustlers must have seen me coming and run off , scared .
70	amy	oh , kif ! you 're so brave !
70	kif	( nervous ) sh ! they 'll hear us !
70	kif	ok , the dynamite 's in place .
70	amy	are you sure there 's no other way to get the buggalo out ?
70	leela	not unless your parents have thousands of helicopters at their disposal .
70	amy	well actually --
70	bender	too late ! this is more fun !
70	amy	kif ! you did it ! but how did you know the dynamite would work ?
70	kif	i once took a seminar in ejecting chickens from a sand dune . the principle is essentially the same .
70	fry	hey , it 's that " barbecue 's over " sound again .
70	leela	( shouting ) sandstorm ! we 're in the eye of the storm !
70	fry	where ?
70	bender	what 's that ?
70	fry	my god !
70	leela	who are they ?
70	singing wind	fehk ! we are the native martians .
70	fry	also , i did n't know buggalo could fly .
70	singing wind	only those who revere mother mars can fly buggalo . and only they shall have buggalo . and they 're us .
70	kif	but your , um , martian-ness , these buggalo are n't yours . they belong to the wong family .
70	singing wind	you mean family that took all martian land and gave us one lousy bead ?
70	amy	uh-huh ! amy wong . and you are ?
70	singing wind	mad at wong family ! we plan to ruin them by stealing buggalo . but now we take girl instead .
70	amy	wait ! i 'm too rich to be kidnapped !
70	kif	amy ! nooo !
70	bender	do n't worry , kif . i 'm sure some other beautiful , rich girl will fall in love with you .
70	mr. wong	hooray ! you bring back cattle .
70	kif	yes ... but ... i 'm afraid i 've got some bad news as well .
70	mrs. wong	let amy tell us . that way it soften the blow . why amy being so quiet ?
70	kif	um ... well , um ... that is , um ...
70	mr. wong	oh , no ! martians kidnap amy ! i know it them 'cause they no use good grammar .
70	kif	i 'll get your daughter back , sir . i swear .
70	mr. wong	forget it , squishy . you the one lose her in first place . you done enough .
70	mrs. wong	yeah . this time we get most decorated law man in the whole universe !
70	kif	you mean -- ? oh , no , please . i beg you ! oh , for the love of --
70	zapp	i am the man with no name . zapp brannigan , at your service !
70	mrs. wong	please , mr. brannigan , we need you go get our daughter back .
70	zapp	very well . i 'll clean up kif 's mess . i shall go bargain with the martian 's personally . your gasps intrigue me . explain .
70	mr. wong	martians have no land . they been gently encouraged to live on reservation deep underground . no-one ever dare go there .
70	farnsworth	this mission is incredibly dangerous . someone 's sure to be killed . fry , leela , bender --
70	bender	damn you , old man !
70	leela	aw , look . betsy followed you , kif !
70	zapp	i did n't realise you were bringing your girlfriend , lieutenant !
70	kif	she wo n't leave me alone .
70	zapp	did i say " girlfriend " ? she sounds more like a wife !
70	zapp	behold : the great stone face of mars .
70	fry	hm .
70	zapp	the only known entrance to the martian reservation .
70	leela	what about the great stone ass of mars ?
70	zapp	well , yeah , but it 's way over the other side of the planet .
70	zapp	nose-ward , ho !
70	singing wind	fehk ! i am singing wind , chief of the martian tribe .
70	zapp	take me to your leader .
70	singing wind	moving along . why you trespass on our land ?
70	zapp	we come to negotiate the release of amy wong . and just to clarify : land is the stuff that has sky over it .
70	leela	they have such respect for the planet .
70	martian	cynthia used to drink slurm .
70	singing wind	we will give back girl when we get back planet surface .
70	zapp	how do we even know she 's alive ?
70	amy	i 'm fine .
70	zapp	sh ! you 're weakening our bargaining position . how about instead you give us the girl and we carve a bunch of our presidents into your sacred mountain ?
70	singing wind	you waste words . we want return of land that was taken from us .
70	bender	uh , actually you traded it for a bead .
70	singing wind	tribe suffer heap big buyer 's remorse . we want land back !
70	zapp	chief , my people are a people of law . and that law is ... ... no backsies !
70	singing wind	the time for stupid statements is over !
70	zapp	oh , boy !
70	leela	ow , ow , ow , ow ! my eye !
70	zoidberg	ma ! pa ! our precious ranch !
70	kif	amy , no ! it 's too windy ! stay calm , dearest ! i 'll save you !
70	amy	kif ! you 're flying betsy !
70	kif	need a lift ?
70	singing wind	great mother mars ! he has the gift !
70	leela	yay , kif !
70	zapp	kroker , that was one brannigan-esque feat of heroism !
70	singing wind	we have misjudged you , green one . you fly the buggalo like us . you have true reverence for mother mars . let there be peace between us .
70	martian #2	yes . let us smoke on peace pipe .
70	kif	smoke-em ?
70	singing wind	here , take .
70	kif	ooh , no thanks . i 'm on the peace patch .
70	singing wind	you must smoke peace pipe . and you must do it peacefully . or we 'll kill you .
70	kif	well it 's just really that i do n't feel that --
70	zapp	do n't be such a chicken , kif . teenagers all smoke and they seem pretty on the ball .
70	fry	yeah !
70	zapp	yes , sir !
70	bender	way to suck it !
70	kif	hey , i 'm smoking ! i 'm the greatest ! oh , monkey trumpets !
70	singing wind	you have coughed at our offer of peace . so you must die !
70	martian #2	the very bead used to crush our dreams shall be used to crush your bones .
70	kif	well , actually , i do n't have bones . i 'm supported by a system of fluid-filled bladders that --
70	fry	wait . that 's the bead you traded your land for ?
70	leela	it 's a gigantic diamond ! that thing must be worth a fortune .
70	singing wind	really ?
70	bender	oh , chief , you 've made me the happiest girl in the world !
70	amy	y' know , if you still want your land , we could just trade back for it .
70	singing wind	hmm . we always thought bead was worthless . we assumed our ancestors were cheated because they not have concept of ownership .
70	bender	so we can have the diamond ?
70	singing wind	no . we do have concept of ownership . you are free to go . sorry about all the rustling and kidnapping .
70	leela	but what about your sacred land ?
70	singing wind	land shmand ! we do n't wan na live on this planet . it 's a dump . we 'll buy new planet and act like it 's sacred . with cash like this , who 's going to argue ? nobody , that 's who !
70	amy	then kif flew betsy , rescued me from the tornado and made peace with the martians .
70	mr. wong	please ! he too much of a wimp .
70	mrs. wong	yeah . i 'm sure it was all mr. zapp brannigan here .
70	zapp	please , you give me too little credit .
70	zoidberg	captain brannigan , you 're always welcome here at rancho zoidberg !
70	zoidberg	money does n't make good people , no siree !
70	amy	thanks for saving my life , kif . you 're my hero .
70	kif	oh , you 're kind . but your parents still do n't like me .
70	amy	well globviously ! but if they liked you then i would n't . do n't you know anything about girls ?
70	kif	dear diary , i just made love for the second time !
71	singers	call robo-rooter when you flush your towel ...
71	plumberbot	... and we can also help with an impacted bowel .
71	singers	robo-rooter !
71	fry	mmm . mmm ! now this is what i call a thousand years of progress : a bavarian creamdog that 's also self-microwaving !
71	bender	aw , jeez . let 's just pray i have the energy to get myself another beer . oh , what is this ? the middle ages ?
71	leela	look at you guys . no offence , fry , but you 've become a fat sack of crap .
71	fry	sack ?
71	amy	and , bender , your beer belly 's so big your door wo n't even close . and that does n't even make sense .
71	leela	come on . we 're taking you pigs to the gym .
71	zoidberg	the gymnasium ? excellent , excellent . for some reason i 'm frisky as a squid on tuesday .
71	amy	hey , who 's up for a nice hot steam ?
71	zoidberg	we crustaceans do n't like steam . i 'm going to go work out with the nautilus !
71	nautilus	what up , dr. z ?
71	zoidberg	yo , yo , yo ! whassup whassup ! give up the rock !
71	fry	co-ed steam rooms ! i love the future !
71	leela	uh , fry , you 're in the womens ' steam room .
71	fry	ah , futuristic !
71	amy	psst , look what life was like before genetic engineering .
71	leela	those poor 20th century women .
71	amy	( sexfully ) hey , handsome . is there room in there for two ?
71	man	you wish !
71	fry	hey , leela , look who 's the super-stud !
71	leela	hmm , somebody must have turned down the gravity . i 'll fix it for you .
71	zoidberg	give me that . more weight !
71	fry	hey , dr. zoidberg , what 's that jazz on your head ?
71	zoidberg	enough with the questions . more weight ! more ! more !
71	leela	maybe you could do more rips with less weight .
71	bender	hey , looks like zoidberg 's finally coming out of his shell . get it ? he 's coming out --
71	randy	nice and gentle , we do n't want any unnecessary stress . is there a doctor in the gym ?
71	zoidberg	i 'm a doctor !
71	leela	i wonder why dr. zoidberg is acting this way . out of all of us he always seemed the most normal .
71	zoidberg	i am normal . ( sexfully ) amy , take of these rubber bands and i 'll show you how normal i am !
71	amy	fool me seven times , shame on you . fool me eight or more times , shame on me .
71	fry	maybe he has a parasite .
71	hermes	maybe he is a parasite !
71	bender	it 's always so sad when a friend goes crazy and you have to have a big clam-bake and cook him ! yee-haw !
71	farnsworth	now , now , this wo n't do . let me just give old zoidy a sedative .
71	zoidberg	ah , much better . you can take off these rubber bands now .
71	amy	i 'll do it .
71	leela	( simultaneously ) stop !
71	fry	( simultaneously ) no , amy !
71	bender	moron !
71	farnsworth	mm-hm ... oh-ho ! aha ! there 's the problem .
71	zoidberg	give it to me straight , professor . is it fin rot ? it 's fin rot , is n't it ? tell me it 's not fin rot !
71	farnsworth	relax , my chiton-y chum . there 's no problem . you 're just heavy with male jelly .
71	leela	bleck !
71	farnsworth	it must be mating season for zoidberg 's people . a chaotic time when his behaviour is dictated by the tiny brain in his rump .
71	fry	eck !
71	farnsworth	there 's only one thing we can do ...
71	bender	i 'll get the water boiling !
71	farnsworth	... we , by which i mean you , will have to rush him to his ancient homeworld which will shortly erupt in an orgy of invertebrate sex .
71	fry	oh , baby , i 'm there !
71	leela	fry , do you even understand the word " invertebrate " ?
71	fry	nope , but that 's not the word i 'm interested in . ( shouting ) uh , no need to pack pants , people . let 's roll !
71	amy	dr. zoidberg said i should hold these while he 's gone .
71	bender	( from inside ) moron !
71	decapod manm #1	welcome home , old friend . just 19 hours until the mating frenzy !
71	zoidberg	excellent , excellent !
71	decapod man #1	see you there doctor --
71	fry	is that how you say " zoidberg " ?
71	zoidberg	you did n't have to call attention to his speech impediment .
71	bender	you 're looking less nuts , crabby .
71	zoidberg	i 'm feeling less nuts , thank you , because tomorrow i will be depositing my jelly in the cloacal vents of a female . ( sexfully ) if you catch my drift .
71	fry	who 's the lucky lobsterina ?
71	zoidberg	i do n't know yet . but i shall attract one this afternoon with an erotic display .
71	leela	it 's amazing that your people can fall in love so fast .
71	zoidberg	love ? that word is unknown here . i 'm simply looking for a female swollen with eggs to accept my genetic material .
71	fry	you and me both , brother !
71	zoidberg	ah , my old scuttling grounds ! let 's pull over .
71	zoidberg	i used to hang out here as a larva . it looked so much bigger back then . who 's the tough guy now , vinnie ?
71	bender	look ! outdoor theatre ! let 's get tickets . oh , let 's do !
71	zoidberg	no , it 's the ceremony of claw-plach , where my species fight to the death over matters of honour . also whether abbreviations count in scrabble . ( angry ) they do n't !
71	fry	i did n't come here to see any activity involving two guys . where do you people do your erotic display ?
71	zoidberg	same place as your species : the beach .
71	zoidberg	how do i look ?
71	bender	like whale barf .
71	zoidberg	then the illusion is complete .
71	fry	hey , i wonder if these guys are here to watch the erotic display too .
71	decapod man #2	aw , yeah ! aw , wow !
71	zoidberg	perfect ! this oughta make me stand out . craw !
71	fry	look how ridiculous they look .
71	bender	please , he 's no different from the rest of you organisms ; shooting dna at each other make babies . i find it offensive .
71	zoidberg	craw !
71	decapod woman #1	keep your jelly away from my eggs !
71	zoidberg	craw ?!
71	decapod woman #2	so not interested .
71	zoidberg	craw !
71	decapod woman #3	hmph . i 've heard that line before !
71	zoidberg	cra -- oh , what 's the point ?
71	leela	why is zoidberg the only one still alone ?
71	bender	'cause he 's a loser , that 's why . he 's the lobster equivalent of fry .
71	fry	hey ! i can get any girl i want anytime i want . i 'm just too busy .
71	zoidberg	edna ?! edna , it 's me , zoidberg . remember ? from high school ? you used to laugh at me because my face was covered with barnacles !
71	edna	zoidberg ? well i did n't know you were back in town . i heard you went off and became a rich doctor .
71	zoidberg	i 've performed a few mercy killings . so , as long as i 'm in town i was wondering if maybe ... craw ?
71	edna	oh , gee , yeah , i 'm just going through a lot of things right now and -- look , zoidberg , i carry more eggs than any other female and i owe it to our race to pick a mate who 's stuffed with male jelly . maybe a rock star .
71	zoidberg	or maybe a doctor ?
71	edna	i 'm sorry , zoidberg . you 're just an inferior male specimen . nice seeing you again .
71	zoidberg	( crying ) no one will ever want to mate with me , not with a puny claw like this . did you see those other guys ? they looked like giant claws with bodies attached .
71	leela	at least you did n't smell as bad as them .
71	zoidberg	( crying ) you 're right , my stink gland is weak . smell !
71	fry	listen , doc , if you wan na score you got ta fake like you 're in love . just look her in the eye , start crying and say ( fake crying ) " i 've never been so happy " .
71	leela	if a guy ever did that to me i 'd know it . wait a second . they 've all been doing that to me . even sean !
71	zoidberg	hmm , this " love " intrigues me . teach me to fake it .
71	fry	ok , you 're on a date . what 's the first thing you do ?
71	zoidberg	ask her to mate with me .
71	fry	no . tell her she 's special .
71	zoidberg	but she 's not . she 's merely the female with the largest clutch of eggs .
71	fry	well , tell her that . and then ?
71	zoidberg	then mating .
71	fry	no . make up some feelings and tell her you have them . yes ?
71	zoidberg	is desire to mate a feeling ?
71	fry	you 're not even trying !
71	zoidberg	it 's all so complicated with the flowers and the romance and the lies upon lies .
71	fry	ok , ok , do n't worry . the love meister will take you under his wing .
71	zoidberg	what ? now there 's a bird involved ?
71	fry	ok , go ahead .
71	edna	what the -- ? dr. zoidberg , your mating display failed . why are you trying to talk to me ?
71	zoidberg	( shouting ) i have no idea .
71	fry	( whispering ) you just wan na talk , it has nothing to do with mating .
71	zoidberg	( shouting ) i just wan na talk , it has nothing to do with mating . ( whispering ) fry , that does n't make sense .
71	edna	dr. zoidberg , that does n't make sense . but ok .
71	fry	( whispering ) start with a compliment : tell her she looks thin .
71	zoidberg	( shouting ) you seem malnourished . are you suffering from internal parasites ?
71	edna	why , yes . thanks for noticing .
71	fry	( whispering ) now ask her how her day was .
71	zoidberg	why would i wan na know ?
71	fry	( whispering ) you would n't . ask anyway .
71	zoidberg	( shouting ) how was your day ?
71	edna	well first i got up and had a piece of toast . then i brushed my teeth . then i went to the store to buy some fish . then ...
71	zoidberg	fry , look what you did , she wo n't shut up .
71	fry	( whispering ) that 's normal . just nod your head and say " uh-huh "
71	zoidberg	uh-huh , uh-huh .
71	edna	... and then you threw an octopus at my window . you know , zoidberg , it 's crazy but when you talk this way your obvious deficiencies as a male seem ... less obvious . your genes seem less detrimental . you even stink more .
71	zoidberg	do i ask her to mate now ?
71	fry	( whispering ) third date !
71	bender	so i returned his artificial heart and ever since then i 've been known by the name of honest bender .
71	zoidberg	( reading ) i 'd like to propose a toast to ... coat check number 84 .
71	fry	( whispering ) turn it over .
71	zoidberg	oh , edna ! ( reading ) of all the slimy , gross crab monsters on this planet , you are apparently the hottest .
71	bender	oy .
71	fry	that 's the most beautiful thing i 've ever heard .
71	edna	yes , well ... excuse me , i 've got to powder my mouth flaps .
71	leela	uh , me too .
71	zoidberg	i 'm confused , fry . i 'm feeling a strange new emotion . is it love when you care about a female for reasons beyond mating ?
71	fry	nope . must be some weird alien emotion .
71	leela	zoidberg said some dumb stuff but he 's a nice guy , really . it 's just that fry 's been telling him what to say and fry 's a ... do you have idiots on your planet ?
71	edna	fry ? you mean words of such beauty came from the blowhole of that hideous alien ?
71	leela	yeah ... what ? look , never mind the words . zoidberg 's a doctor . a doctor honey .
71	edna	hmm .
71	edna	( from inside ) come in .
71	edna	( sexfully ) hello , fry . can i interest you in some surf and turf ?
71	fry	no thanks . i just came to tell you that zoidberg 's really great . he 's got male jelly coming out the wazoo .
71	edna	well that is where it comes out but jelly is n't everything . i know zoidberg 's magical words were really yours . teach me to love you , squishy poet from beyond the stars !
71	fry	uh , i 'm flattered , really . if i was gon na do it with a big , freaky mud bug you 'd be way up the list !
71	edna	hush , you romantic fool ! engage your mandibles and kiss me !
71	zoidberg	edna , i could n't stand it any longer . i -- ( angry ) fry !
71	fry	dr. zoidberg , it 's not how it looks .
71	zoidberg	( angry ) her caviar is on your neck !
71	fry	but --
71	edna	oh , it 's true , zoidberg . we ca n't hide it any longer . fry and i have fallen in love and we 're going to mate tomorrow .
71	fry	what ?!
71	zoidberg	( angry ) fry ! i challenge you to claw-plach !
71	fry	english please ?
71	zoidberg	a fight to the death .
71	edna	and if you survive , we 'll make sweet love !
71	decapod emperor	the law is clear . fry and zoidberg shall fight to the death for the claw of the beautiful edna .
71	fry	but i do n't want her !
71	decapod emperor	once invoked , the sacred tradition of claw-plach can not be taken back . it is a recent tradition - only 18 years old - but it is a tradition none the less .
71	zoidberg	get ready , fry . i 'm going to rip your swim bladder out and show it to you .
71	leela	dr. zoidberg , this is madness . you 're being irrational .
71	zoidberg	( shouting ) of course i 'm being irrational ! i 'm in love !
71	leela	aww .
71	fry	leela !
71	leela	right , right . you have to stop this madness .
71	decapod emperor	listen , lady , as you can plainly see i 'm a highly desirable male , groaning with jelly . yet i embrace a life of celibacy in order to uphold our crazy traditions . one of your friends must die .
71	bender	fate is cruel and unyielding and what must be must be . ( shouting ) takin ' all bets ! i 'm giving 9-2 on zoidberg , the crab with the jab ! the great red hope , come on baby !
71	zoidberg	fry , it 's been years since medical school so remind me : disembowelling in your species - fatal or non-fatal ?
71	fry	fatal .
71	zoidberg	large bet on myself in round one !
71	decapod emperor	edna , have you anything to say before begins the claw-plach ?
71	edna	i do . i just want to say that today i got up and i had a piece of toast . then i brushed my teeth --
71	fry	( shouting ) shut up !
71	edna	i love you , fry !
71	decapod emperor	fry , having guessed what animal i was thinking of , you shall have first choice of weapon . and you , doctor ?
71	zoidberg	i choose my own claws ! i want the tactile pleasure of chopping him right here in the gonads !
71	fry	shh ! nobody correct him !
71	bender	fry , i 've never asked you for anything before but if it 's not too much trouble , when it comes to the ninth round just let him win .
71	fry	but it 's a fight to the death !
71	bender	oh , so this is suddenly all about you . sheesh !
71	decapod emperor	please rise for the national anthem .
71	fry	uh-oh .
71	decapod emperor	( shouting ) let claw-plach begin !
71	fry	hey !
71	bender	ow !
71	leela	( shouting ) come on , fry ! die with dignity !
71	fry	aha ! oops !
71	edna	( screaming ) nooo ! i ca n't stand to look .
71	zoidberg	huh ?
71	bender	psst , fry . take a dive .
71	crowd	( chanting ) claw-plach ! claw-plach ! claw-plach ! claw-plach ! claw-plach ! claw-plach !
71	fry	my fellow fish monsters . far be it for me to question your stupid civilisation or its dumb customs . but is squeezing each others brains out with a giant nutcracker really going to solve anything ? dr. zoidberg is my friend . and though a woman has come between us , i say we 'll always remain friends . and you know why ? one reason .
71	fry	you bastard ! i 'll kill you ! you bastard !
71	leela	wait ! stop ! everyone is gone .
71	zoidberg	edna ? honey ?
71	zoidberg	edna ?
71	leela	ew !
71	bender	oh , my god !
71	zoidberg	the frenzy ! oh , the greatest experience in life and i missed it .
71	fry	aw . i 'm sorry , doc .
71	fry	ow , ow ! ah !
71	zoidberg	the frenzy is over . how will i ever get rid of my male jelly now ?
71	fry	i 'll lend you this .
71	leela	fry !
71	fry	hey , hey .
71	bender	shoo ! get away ! hey ! what 's with the flying jerks ?
71	zoidberg	they come to feast after the frenzy . once my species passes on its genes , it dies .
71	fry	you mean you have to choose between a life without sex and a gruesome death ?
71	zoidberg	yes .
71	fry	tough call .
71	zoidberg	well it was nice of you to let me reattach your arm , fry . especially after i made a complete eel out of myself .
71	fry	no biggie .
71	zoidberg	yes biggie . i learned to feel things i 'd never felt before : love , jealousy , passion for disembowling . i owe it all to you . there ! i pronounce the operation a success .
71	leela	hooray !
71	bender	yeah !
71	fry	( laughing ) yeah !
71	zoidberg	i may not know from emotions but when it comes to medicine , forget about it .
71	fry	i do n't mean to nitpick , super-doc , but do you think maybe you could take one more whack at this ?
71	zoidberg	for you , my friend , anything .
71	fry	( from ship ) my legs !
71	zoidberg	( from ship ) alright , alright , third time 's the charm .
72	announcer	ladies and gentlemen : conan o'brien 's head .
72	o'brien	thank you , thank you . let 's get started . max , play me over . looks like someone forgot to feed max . so , people are getting pretty worried about this y2k problem , huh ?
72	bender	no . they fixed that 900 years ago .
72	o'brien	just bear with me , sir . anyway , i 'm walking to work this morning --
72	bender	i doubt it !
72	o'brien	listen , pal , i may have lost my freakishly long legs in the war of 2012 but i 've still got something you 'll never have : a soul !
72	bender	eh .
72	o'brien	and freckles ! well , i 'm out of material . you can catch me next week at the andromeda chuckle hut . enjoy your breakfast .
72	bender	ah , lets face it : comedy 's a dead art form . now tragedy ... ... that 's funny !
72	farnsworth	come on , everyone . perhaps some skiing will help us forget the mouldy old antics of conan o'brien .
72	amy	yeah !
72	leela	great idea !
72	zoidberg	we can only hope !
72	fry	this snow is beautiful . i 'm glad global warming never happened .
72	leela	actually it did . but thank god nuclear winter cancelled it out .
72	fry	hi !
72	bender	enough of your mindless chitchat , let 's get going .
72	hermes	jah damnit ! we 're stuck .
72	zoidberg	at least you 're not cold blooded !
72	hermes	sweet lion of zion ! look at the professor go .
72	fry	look out ! we 're heading straight for those trees !
72	leela	yeah , yeah , relax . trees down .
72	trees	( mechanical voice ) trees down .
72	fry	cool . hey what do you do if you want the trees up ?
72	trees	( mechanical voice ) trees up
72	fry	( hoarse ) trees down !
72	trees	( mechanical voice ) trees down .
72	bender	lookin ' good , meatball !
72	man	excuse me , sir , you 're snowboarding off the trail .
72	bender	lick my frozen metal ass . uh-oh !
72	child	( shouting ) mommy !
72	zoidberg	you , a bobsledder ? that i 'd like to see !
72	hermes	listen , you filthy crab , a thousand years ago there was a legendary team of jamaican bobsledders .
72	fry	yup , i remember . they came in last at the olympics then retired to promote alcoholic beverages .
72	hermes	a true inspiration for the children . um , a little help please ? ( screaming ) nooo !
72	fry	oh , what the hell ! ow !
72	amy	you poor man . what happened to you ?
72	man	well , there i was on the triple diamond slope , when suddenly --
72	amy	oh , excuse me . hello there .
72	farnsworth	wha ?
72	bender	ah ! nothing like a warm fire and a super soaker of fine cognac .
72	fry	yeah , it really puts you in the christmas spirit .
72	farnsworth	what-mas ?
72	fry	christmas . you know ? x-m-a-s .
72	leela	oh , you mean xmas . you must be using an archaic pronunciation . like when you say " ask " instead of " aks " .
72	fry	xmas , huh ? y' know this 'll be my first xmas away from home .
72	leela	hey , hey . let me aks you something : would it cheer you up if we went and cut down an xmas tree ?
72	fry	yeah ! an old-fashioned xmas tree !
72	fry	hey ! these are n't xmas trees !
72	farnsworth	eh wha ?
72	fry	they 're supposed to be some kinda , you know , pine tree .
72	farnsworth	pine trees have been extinct for 800 years , fry . gone the way of the poodle and your primitive notions of modesty . ah ! brisk !
72	fry	this is n't the way christmas is supposed to be .
72	farnsworth	there , there .
72	fry	everything 's changed .
72	leela	that 's not true .
72	bender	xmas tree oh xmas tree ! bah boo bee boo bah bee boh .
72	amy	ow !
72	fry	( nostalgic ) every christmas my mom would get a fresh goose for goose burgers and my dad would whip up his special eggnog out of bourbon and ice cubes . this dumb holiday just makes me think of all the things i left behind . let 's just stop talking about xmas .
72	hermes	happy xmas , xmas people ! xmas cards have arrived ! xmas ! amy , there you go , fry , professor , zoidberg , a mighty haul for bender .
72	bender	yes ! i got the most ! i win xmas !
72	hermes	and last , but not least , the sweet flower of the office : me . hermes conrad .
72	bender	hmm . ah , a picture of my mommy .
72	zoidberg	huh ? what 's this ? a card from my cousin zoidfarb . instead of " claus " he writes " claws " ! now that 's humorous . today 's comedians could learn from this card .
72	fry	what 's the point of xmas when everyone you know died a thousand years ago ? i 'm the lonliest person on earth . hey , leela , how ' bout a little sympathy here , huh ? yoiks ! what was that about ?
72	amy	fluh ! she 's an orphan .
72	farnsworth	yes , and the only one of her species in all the known universe . what a lonely life .
72	fry	my god ! poor leela .
72	bender	( upbeat ) hey , buddy , heard you needed cheering up ! well old bender 'll make you laugh . look at me look ! oh , man , i got ta work on my act !
72	fry	i feel like a rat . here i am whining like a pig while all along leela was lonely as a frog . i could kick myself .
72	amy	i 'll do it for you .
72	fry	ow ! thanks .
72	farnsworth	you should be ashamed of yourself , fry . you 'd have to be blind not to notice that leela 's a cyclops .
72	hermes	fry 's over there , man .
72	farnsworth	oh ?
72	bender	xmas eve ; another day where i accomplish nothing .
72	linda	the holiday season is a time of celebration for most . but it is also a time to remember the tragic suffering of the less fortunate .
72	morbo	earthlings do not yet know the meaning of suffering .
72	linda	earlier today i visited a shelter for down-and-out robots . homeless robots , too poor to afford even the basic alchohol they need to fuel their circuits . is there anything sadder ? only drowning puppies . and there would have to be a lot of them .
72	amy	where are you going , bender ?
72	bender	to volunteer at a liquor kitchen for homeless robots .
72	hermes	yeah , right ! as if you ever did anything charitable .
72	bender	i 'm very generous . what about that time i gave blood ?
72	fry	whose blood ?
72	bender	some guy 's .
72	fry	i 've got to do something to show leela how sorry i am .
72	zoidberg	so what 's the problem ? just get down on your claws and do the apology dance .
72	fry	so it 's left , left , right -- wait ! i have a better idea ! i 'll go out and get her the perfect xmas present . something so great she 'll never want to be unhappy again .
72	hermes	just be back by sundown , mon. .
72	fry	we 'll see . i like to haggle .
72	amy	you ca n't stay out on xmas eve . you 'll be killed !
72	fry	say what ?
72	farnsworth	good lord ! he does n't know about santa claus .
72	fry	i know about santa claus .
72	farnsworth	back in 2801 , the friendly robot company built a robotic santa to determine who 'd be naughty and who 'd been nice and distribute presents accordingly . but something went wrong .
72	fry	wow ! 2801 ! anyway ...
72	farnsworth	wait , you fool ! due to a programming error , santa 's standards were set too high and he invariably judges everyone to be naughty .
72	amy	if he catches you after dark , he 'll chop off your head and stuff your neck full of toys from his sack of horrors .
72	farnsworth	nice meeting you .
72	preacherbot	welcome , brother ! may the blessings of the season be upon you .
72	bender	yeah , yeah , amen . listen , i 'm one of those lazy homeless bums i 've been hearing about . could you point me to the free booze . oh , yeah ! oh , yeah !
72	fry	there 's this girl who i really like but she thinks i 'm a jerk . can you help me ?
72	salesman #1	yeah , there 's a suicide booth in the food court . though there 's a line this time of year .
72	fry	no , i need to get her a gift . and i need it before sundown .
72	salesman #1	well , you ca n't go wrong with something traditional . a surface-to-santa rocket launcher . it comes with three jolly-seeking missiles .
72	fry	that 's funny !
72	salesman #1	careful , sir !
72	bender	oh , yeah ! you filthy hobos sure kow how to live . hey , chief , someone 's stealing your handkerchief full of crap .
72	tinny tim	excuse me , sir ? might i have a sip of booze ?
72	preacherbot	i 'm sorry , tinny tim . seems we ran out early tonight .
72	tinny tim	i understand .
72	bender	my god ! that poor kid !
72	fry	you 're the last store open . i need something for my friend leela . just give me your best animal .
72	salesman #2	best ? well that 's a matter of opinion . i personally like the electric snail .
72	fry	that 's a stupid animal . you 're stupid ! i said i want the best one . now which costs more ? the parrot or the stink lizard ?
72	salesman #2	the lizards are a buck each , the parrot is $ 500 .
72	fry	that 's a hell of a good parrot . although , i could get 500 lizards for the same price . girls like swarms of lizards , right ?
72	salesman #2	sir , the store is closing in two minutes .
72	fry	alright , i 'll take the 500 lizards . no , wait , yes . no . yes . yes . yes ! the parrot !
72	fry	well , i spent every penny i had but i bet leela 's gon na love you . hey , you 're quite the talker , are n't you ? shut the hell up ! ow ! stupid bird ! i know where you live .
72	amy	hey , it 's leela .
72	leela	sorry i stormed out before . i did n't mean to ruin everyone 's xmas .
72	farnsworth	huh ? you were gone ?
72	leela	it 's just that i get tired of fry always only thinking of himself .
72	hermes	i hear that ! i aks him to set the table . instead he goes out to buy you a present . selfish dog .
72	leela	wait ! you mean he 's still out ? his life 's in danger !
72	zoidberg	why ?
72	leela	i 'm telling you why . santa claus is coming to town !
72	fry	alright , bird , you thought you could beat me in a game of wits . but you just met your equal .
72	fry	aha ! cornered !
72	leela	hi there !
72	fry	leela ! oh , my god ! you saved my life . i am gon na get you so many lizards .
72	leela	you did n't need to buy me a present , fry .
72	fry	i just wanted to do something to make you happy . i mean , i miss my family but you never even had a family .
72	leela	it 's ok . you 're lonely and i 'm lonely . but together we 're lonely together .
72	fry	merry xmas , leela .
72	leela	merry xmas .
72	fry	oh , boy ! it 's santa !
72	santa	ho , ho , ho ! you 've been very naughty , fry and leela . i checked my list .
72	fry	well check it twice !
72	santa	i perform over 50 mega-checks per second . you 're both naughty for disregarding each other 's feelings .
72	leela	but we set things right . fry even risked his life to get me a present .
72	santa	but what about your other co-workers ? did either of you ever stop to think about dr. zoidberg 's feelings ?
72	fry	no ! i swear !
72	santa	santa has something very special in his sack for you two !
72	robots	( singing ) so lock the door and hit the floor ,
72	hattie	go away !
72	bender	whoa , hold on ! how about inviting us in for a traditional glass of hard cider ?
72	hattie	oh , alright . but just one glass ! ( from inside ) ok , that 's enough . i said that 's enough !
72	bender	( from inside ) get her purse !
72	fry	please let us live ! we 'll put out milk and cookies for you !
72	santa	you dare bribe santa ? i 'm going to shove coal so far up your stocking you 'll be coughing up diamonds !
72	leela	we 're trapped .
72	fry	i never thought it would end this way : gunned down by santa claus . honestly , i did n't see it coming !
72	leela	goodbye , fry .
72	fry	goodbye , leela . hey , look : we 're under the mistletoe .
72	santa	your mistletoe is no match for my t.o.w. missile !
72	fry	uh , you 're present may need some assembly .
72	bender	( singing ) on the 4th day of xmas i stole from that lady .
72	robot #1	( singing ) four family photos .
72	tinny tim	( singing ) three jars of pennies .
72	robot #2	( singing ) two former husbands .
72	bender	( singing ) and a slipper on a shoe tree .
72	raoul	oh , thank you !
72	fry	( shouting ) help !
72	leela	( shouting ) somebody help us .
72	tinny tim	it 's humans . shall we mug them , robot sir ?
72	bender	no , wait , i know these guys . they got nothing .
72	santa	ho ho ho ! you 've been very naughty , bender .
72	bender	what ? me ? i did n't do nothing . you 're thinking of the kid .
72	santa	my god , bender ! framing an orphan ? that 's so naughty i 'll have to add it to my list right now . framing ... i-n-g ... ... an ...
72	zoidberg	amy , this is for you : a set of combs for your beautiful hair .
72	amy	oh , that 's so sweet . but i sold my hair to a wigmaker so i could buy a set of combs for hermes .
72	hermes	oh , the irony . i sold my hair so i could buy this third set of combs for zoidberg .
72	zoidberg	thank you . these 'll come in handy for my new hair . finally i look as pretty as i feel !
72	fry	( shouting ; from outside ) help !
72	leela	( shouting ; from outside ) help !
72	bender	( shouting ; from outside ) help !
72	farnsworth	oh , dear . they 'll be killed on our doorstep . and there 's no trash pickup until january 3rd .
72	hermes	sweet manatee of galilee ! he 's on the roof !
72	farnsworth	quick ! the armour-plated chimney cover ! push ! push !
72	bender	use teamwork !
72	tinny tim	oh , dear ! oh , dear !
72	santa	you 've all been very naughty . very naughty indeed . except you , dr. zoidberg , this is for you .
72	zoidberg	a pogo-stick !
72	santa	as for the rest of you , i 'm going to tear off your skin like wrapping paper and deck the halls with your guts .
72	bender	yeah ? well i do n't believe in santa claus . come on , everybody , if you do n't believe in him he ca n't hurt you . ow ! god ! the pain !
72	santa	ho ho ho ! time to get jolly on your naughty asses !
72	leela	watch out ! his belly is shaking like a bowl full of nitro-glycerine !
72	amy	rudolph 's nose !
72	fry	( shouting ) he 's gon na blow .
72	zoidberg	aha !
72	farnsworth	yes , good thing i got us out of that one !
72	bender	xmas dinner , everyone .
72	fry	uh , bender ? where did you get that bird ?
72	bender	i found it lying in the street , like all the food i cook . dig in , everyone .
72	tinny tim	thank you , sir .
72	bender	you got the toenail ! oh !
72	fry	look , the food is n't what 's important .
72	tinny tim	i 'm so hungry .
72	fry	the important thing is we 're all together for xmas . and even though i 'm surrounded by robots and monsters and old people , i 've never felt more at home .
72	farnsowrth	hear , hear ! now let 's all of us shut up and sing !
72	amy	he knows when you are sleeping .
72	farnsworth	he knows when you 're on the can .
72	leela	he 'll hunt you down and blast your ass from here to pakistan .
72	zoidberg	oh .
72	hermes	you 'd better not breathe , you 'd better not move .
72	bender	you 're better off dead , i 'm telling you , dude .
72	fry	santa claus is gunning you down !
72	farnsworth	merry xmas , everyone !
72	santa	i 'll be back . back when you least expect it : next xmas ! ho ho ho !
